*Don't you wanna go down*
*Don't you wanna go down*
*Don't you wanna go down*
Somebody make some motherfucking noise in here!
Fuck these people.
Man, this place is unbelievable.
Fucking Goolybib, man.
Those guys build a mediocre piece of software,
that might be worth something someday,
and now they live here.
There's money flying all over Silicon Valley
but none of it ever seems to hit us.
What the hell are you eating?
Liquid shrimp. It's 200 dollars a quart.
Wylie Dufresne made it.
How does it taste?
Like how I would imagine cum tastes.
You guys taking it all in?
Because this is what it looks like
when Google acquires your company for over 200 million dollars.
Look, Dustin Moskovitz.
Elon Musk. Eric Schmidt.
Whatever the fuck the guy's name is who created Photrio.
I mean, Kid Rock is the poorest person here.
Apart from you guys.
OK, there's 40 billion dollars
of net worth, walking around this party.
And you guys are standing around drinking shrimp
and talking about what cum tastes like.
Yeah, I heard that.
You guys live in my incubator
you've got to network. That's why I brought you here.
I got us in here.
Javeed over there is my ex-room-mate.
Yeah, but I drove.
Eric Schmidt, Erlich Bachman.
It's amazing how the men and women at these things
always separate like this.
Yeah, every party in Silicon Valley
ends up like a Hasidic wedding.
Not even the Goolybib guys were talking to girls.
They don't have to, Big Head.
This house talks to girls.
I got seven words for you.
I love
Goolybib's integrated-
multi-platform-functionality!
But seriously,
you know, a few days ago,
when we were sitting down with Barak Obama,
I turned to these guys and said,
"OK, you know, we're making a lot of money.
And yes, we're disrupting digital media.
But most importantly
we're making the world a better place.
Through constructing elegant hierarchies
for maximum code reuse and extensibility."
So everyone.
Here's to many more nights just like this one.
Take it away, my good friend, Kid Rock.
What a dick.
Big Head, there is a personal ad section
on this Asperger site.
Holy shit, this one is looking for
a "Relationship that has the potential to become
sexual in nature."
Boy, is she on the spectrum.
She can't even make eye contact with the camera.
Richard, can I talk to you for a second?
Solo.
We need to talk about Pied Piper.
What about it? The website's up and running,
I'm just redesigning the compression. It just needs users.
Yeah, no shit.
But even if somebody wanted to use it
they wouldn't be able to figure out how to.
It's incomprehensible.
Now, Richard, when you pitched me Pied Piper
you said it was gonna be, "The Google of Music."
which is a really rad way to pitch something.
I mean, I liked it.
I thought it had "Applications".
No, it has all that. Look, when it blows up,
and it will once it reaches a critical mass of users,
Pied Piper will be able to search the whole world
of recorded music to find out if there's a match to see
if you're infringing on any copy righted material.
So, if you're a song writer or a band...
OK, first of all, nobody gives a shit
about stealing other people's music, OK?
Everybody involved in the music industry
is either stealing it or sharing it.
They're all a bunch of assholes, especially Radiohead.
- Look, Richard... - No.
Yeah, they're assholes.
Now, look, Richard, if you want to live here,
you've got to deliver.
I can't have dead weight at my incubator, OK?
Either that, or show some promise for fuck's sake.
Like NipAlert. Big Head's app.
It gives you the location of a woman with erect nipples.
Now, that's something people want.
Richard, you need to get in touch with humanity.
When I sold my company, Aviato,
I wanted to give back. That's why I started this place,
to do something big. To make a difference.
You know, like Steve.
Uh, Jobs or Wozniak?
Steve Jobs or Steve...
Oh, I heard you.
- Which one? - Jobs.
I mean, Jobs was a poser. He didn't even write code.
You just disappeared up your own asshole.
- You know that? You did. - Well, technically...
Big Head, I'm gonna be meditating.
He knew how to package the ideas,
but it was Wozniak that...
What is Hooli? Excellent question.
Hooli isn't just another high tech company.
Hooli isn't just about software.
Hooli. Hooli is about people.
Hooli is about innovative technology
that makes a difference,
transforming the world as we know it.
Making the world a better place,
through minimal message oriented transport layers.
I firmly believe we can only achieve greatness
if first we achieve goodness.
Erlich is gonna kick me out.
And I can't afford to pay rent here.
It's insane. $2800 a month,
$4500 a month... with five people.
Jesus! Why is it so expensive here?
Look at this place, it's a shithole.
Here's another one.
Miss Palo Alto, 2K14.
There she goes.
Oh God, the marketing team is having another bike meeting.
Douchebags.
Yup, another day inside the Gavin Belson cult compound.
Hey, did you hear what Peter Gregory is doing?
You mean buying that island in the Pacific?
No, he's building one actually.
Baller.
Anyway, he's also offering a hundred K
to people willing to skip or drop out of college
to pursue their idea.
I don't know what happened to that guy,
but he really hates college.
Anyway, he's doing a TED TALKS in Palo Alto tonight.
- Should we try to get in? - I dropped out of college.
Maybe I should re-enroll and drop out again.
Try and get the money.
Brogrammers.
Oh, no, no.
Hey, uh, a double macchiato for me, dude.
Yeah.
Hey, Rico, you been working out?
No. No, I have not.
I don't have time to even if I wanted to.
I'm too busy working on my website.
Uh, I just, I don't want to end up being a Hooli lifer.
You know, working here forever.
Yeah, working for the most innovative company in the world,
with top pay and vested stock options.
I can totally see why you wouldn't want that.
Yeah, you're like an artist. An entrepreneur.
An iconoclast.
I don't know, maybe.
Dude, We're just messing with you.
But we really want to help you with your site.
What's it called?
Pied Piper.
- Dude, sounds amazing. - Yeah.
Why don't you shoot it over to us and we'll give it a look.
Maybe we can help.
- Uh, really? - Yeah.
OK, yeah.
I mean it's always good to have more eyes on it.
It's... Sent it.
You're making fun of me.
- Dude, no. - No, you are.
- Aw, Ricky, man. - Ricky. Ricky, come back.
It's actually Richard, so that's...
- Pied wiper. - Wide diaper.
Gates, Ellison,
Jobs, Dell.
All dropped out of college.
Silicon Valley is the cradle of innovation
because of drop outs.
College... has become a cruel
expensive joke on the poor
and the middle class
that benefits only the perpetrators of it.
- The bloated administrators... - You are a dangerous man,
spewing ignorance!
I don't think so.
I'm just saying people should trust themselves
more than a system
that happily churns out unemployed debtors
and provides dubious value.
The true value of a college education is intangible.
The true value of snake-oil is intangible as well.
Fascist.
Anything?
The usual riffs on Twitter and Instagram.
Nothing I'd fund.
Hi, excuse me, Mr. Gregory?
I have an idea I'd love to pitch you, if you have time.
Well, that is before I just give up and go back to college.
Don't! Do not do that.
Go work at Burger King.
Go into the woods and forage for nuts and berries.
Do not go back to college!
I think I have been played.
Fine. Go ahead and pitch.
You have until I fasten the seatbelt in my car.
Thank you so much.
Pied Piper is a proprietary site that lets you find out
if your music is infringing on any existing copyrights.
So, imagine you were a song writer, OK?
I don't think I could write a song.
Yeah, no, just imagine if you were.
I don't even think I could say,
"Pied Piper is a proprietary site."
Well, I just did but it wasn't easy.
Crunching all those songs to find matches
sounds like it would take incredible processing power.
- I mean... - Yes.
Yes, it does.
No, no. Its... I made an algorithm.
Look, why don't you send me a link to your project
and we'll take a look.
OK, yeah, great.
I put the prototype up on Github.
Pied Piper. I'll look it up.
It's like the fable with the kids
and then the rats and the music.
That is a narrow car.
Fucking billionaires.
Hey, wanna check out twig-boy's website?
Yes, I do.
You have to download your own media player?
Look at me, I traveled back to 2009.
Wait a sec.
What is this file size?
1.2 Megabytes? No way.
Wow, that doesn't sound at all downgraded.
The file size is like, half.
And look how fast this search is.
Holy shit, how did it find a match that fast?
It's like it's searching compressed files?
No way.
Look at that Weissman score.
Hey, Where have you two been?
We're playing the multi-channel router team in five minutes.
OK, how the hell did he do this?
And the compression is totally lossless.
And he's somehow figured out
a way to do a search on a compressed data space.
- Holy shit. - Yeah.
And I don't think he even realizes what he has here.
He's using it for some silly songwriter app.
All these guys are like that, they're all about consumer facing.
Right, but you take something like this,
make it business facing and use it for enterprise?
The applications could be endless.
Hey, I thought you were a Satanist?
I'm a LaVeyan Satanist with some theistic tendencies.
Oh, some theistic tendencies.
Well then, what's with the cross?
It's an upside down cross.
Not from here it isn't.
Oh, I see, you know what you should do?
You should get another tattoo that says, "This side up" on it.
How does this translate into Farsi?
That's not the language I speak.
Frontier Airlines just happened to like mine, Aviato.
And that's how I got to where I am.
So... what do you got?
OK, here it is.
Bit Soup.
It's like alphabet soup but
it's ones and zeros instead of the letters.
'Cause it's binary.
You know, binary is just ones and zeroes.
Yeah, I know what binary is.
Jesus Christ! I memorized the hexadecimal times tables
when I was 14 writing machine code!
OK. Ask me what nine times F is. It's fleventyfive.
I do not need you telling me what binary is,
just like I don't need you
thinking about soup or taking pictures of it.
I need you thinking about apps, software, websites.
This is Silicon Valley, all right, not...
Paris, Texas.
That's where Campbell's Soup is.
It's the Hooli number again.
It's probably those brogrammers.
Can't wait to tell me how stupid my website is.
Assholes.
Hello, Richard Hendricks. I'm a total fucking retard.
Hi, this is Jared Dunn calling from Hooli.
I'm calling a behalf of Gavin Belson.
I didn't... hi.
Gavin is very excited about your Pied Piper application
and we were wondering if you could come in
for a sit-down with us.
- Are you available now. - OK.
- Sure. Yes. - OK, we'll be here.
Good-bye.
Uh, I have a meeting with Gavin Belson.
He likes Pied Piper.
I own 10 percent of Pied Piper.
You said it was a shitty idea.
It was a shitty idea.
I'm not sure what it is now.
- What time's the meeting? - Right now.
I'm gonna need a better shirt.
Holy shit.
What the fuck am I waiting for? See ya.
Well, it's like Gavin always says,
"It takes change to make change."
Yeah, I think I've seen that written around.
Gavin is running 30 minutes late
but you should know he is very excited to see you, Richard.
He's with his spiritual advisor.
He shouldn't be that much longer.
I'm a VP here
and I only get to see him about ten minutes a month.
But that 10 minutes is just incredible.
I heard Richard Hendricks was here.
Have you ever met Gavin before?
- No. - No?
Oh, I told him, it's amazing.
That hardly begins to describe it.
It's weird.
They always travel in groups of five.
These programmers, there's always a tall skinny white guy,
short skinny Asian guy,
fat guy with a ponytail,
some guy with crazy facial hair
and then an East Indian guy.
It's like they trade guys
until they all have the right group.
You clearly have a great understanding of humanity.
And Gavin said: I'm not humiliating you,
I'm elevating you.
Ah, Gavin.
This is Richard.
It's Peter Gregory.
Ah, no.
Come on, Big Head.
Yeah, I'm coming. Slow...
Why are you going that fast?
Cause we've got a meeting with Gavin Belson. Pick up the pace.
- We honestly don't. - Come on.
I'm actually outside of
Gavin Belson's office right now, Mr. Gregory.
Uh, here he comes, so can I call you back in a second...
So, Richard Hendricks is here!
There you are, Richard.
So sorry these gentleman have kept you waiting.
- That's fine. - So here's the thing.
I love what you did.
- Really? - Fill him in, Jared.
Now, as you know, Hooli is seen as possibly
the most progressive company in the world.
Part of that is Gavin's commitment to social justice,
but part of it is his personal commitment
to the people that work at Hooli.
In that spirit Gavin is
prepared to give you a very substantial raise...
and a promotion to go with it.
I own 10 percent.
He created it while living in my incubator.
Erlich Bachman. This is Big Head.
I don't know what any of that means,
but I'll give you six hundred thousand dollars for it.
We have the reach and the resources to take what you have done
and push it to the global level.
That is a generous offer.
Shit, sorry. Hello.
Really? No shit, that's...
Uh, yeah, yeah. No here. It's Peter Gregory.
Not sure how he got my number?
Uh, this is Richard.
I'll give you three million dollars for it right now!
Ah, Gavin Belson just offered
me three million dollars for Pied Piper.
I'm prepared to give you three hundred thousand dollars.
Peter Gregory just offered me 300, um...
Did you say thousand dollars?
For ten percent of your company.
OK, four million.
200 thousand.
- For five percent. - Huh?
You just went down.
No, you're still valued at four million dollars.
But you own ninety-five
percent of a potential billion-dollar company.
And not just that, I will help you build this company.
I will introduce you to the people you need to know
and provide the counsel that you need.
I will take a small piece, but the company will belong to you.
not Gavin Belson.
You have until tomorrow to decide.
Ah, OK.
- Um, you know... - Pull your head out of your ass, Richard.
I'm offering you four million dollars right now.
I'm....
That is a lot of money.
You know, I actually have to...
I've got to go to the bathroom.
I've got to pee.
It's desperate. I'm bursting.
I'll be right back, but right now...
OK, 10 million.
No. Maybe.
I didn't mean to snap at you.
I'll talk... in a bit.
Won't be long.
Little more about me.
I am the founder of Aviato.
and I own a very small percentage of Grindr.
It's a men to men dating site
where you can find other men within 10 miles of you,
interested in having sexual intercourse in a public restroom.
In the homosexual community there's sometimes anonymous...
I know what Grindr is.
I have gay friends.
So you will survive.
It's just a garden-variety panic attack.
Welcome to Silicon Valley.
We see people like you all the time.
- Really? - Yes.
It's just I have to make this decision by tomorrow.
Yeah. You know, a while back, we had a guy in here,
in almost the exact same situation,
"Take the money or keep the company."
What happened?
Well, a couple months later
he was brought into the ER with a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
I guess he really regretted not taking that money.
He shot himself because he turned down the money?
Yeah.
Or no, he took the money.
Or no.
No, he did not. I don't... You know what?
I don't remember. But whatever it was,
he regretted it so much that he ended up shooting himself.
- And now he's blind. - He's blind?
Yeah, just FYI,
if you're ever gonna shoot yourself,
don't hold the gun up to your temple, OK?
Because that just basically just took out
both of his optic nerves and then, you know,
half of his face.
And then his wife left him, because, you know.
- Yikes. - Right.
He may have been a genius programmer
but not so much in human anatomy.
Or decision making, for that matter.
Now he's got to live with all that
and whatever terrible decision he made about the money.
Uh. And what do I do if I feel another panic attack coming on.
Would you be interested in a device
that links up to your smartphone
and it keeps track of your vitals
and it tells you, even before it's happening,
whether you're having a panic attack or an actual heart attack?
Yeah, that sounds great.
You would, right?
OK, that's great news.
Because it's still in prototype phase right now,
but my start-up partners and I are looking for investors.
Like today.
So will you please let me know...
I'm going to give you my number.
If you do end up taking that 10 million dollars
because we could really make the world a better place.
Whoa! Oh, jeez!
Richard.
Hi, Monica. I work with Peter Gregory.
We met outside the TED...
Yeah, I remember you.
What... How'd you know I was here?
Peter Gregory is investing in a company
that uses GPS in phones to track people.
That's creepy.
You don't know the half of it.
And neither does Congress.
Are you OK?
Look, I don't want to waste your time.
I think I gotta take the money from Gavin Belson.
At least this way when I blow my eyeballs out
I'll have some money left for my family.
Jesus.
Sorry. That is a terrible doctor in there.
Richard, buried in that clunky UI of yours
is a compression algorithm that blew our engineering team away.
And what do you think Hooli is going to do with it?
I don't know. That's their business.
This is your baby.
Do you even realize the impact that a compression
this good could have on the world?
Getting any file on your mobile phone in an instant.
Navigation data for self-driving cars,
mobile medical imagery,
all transmitting with no quality loss.
This is game-changing.
Don't you want to be in the driver's seat when that happens?
You really want to just turn it all over to Hooli
and walk away?
Well, you are not making this easier for me.
I'm not trying to.
I mean you're actually making it worse.
My hands are tingling. I have this metal taste in my mouth.
Actually, I can't go back in there, so I'm going to go home.
- Good to see you again. - Let me give you a ride home.
Uh, OK. Thanks.
Dude, where have you been?
Why won't you answer your phone?
Man, this has grown way beyond AngelList.
Andreesen, Elevation and like a bunch of
other seed funds are piling onto this thing.
I mean, they've been calling Erlich.
He's out of control.
What if we took Peter Gregory's 200K
and built our own company?
I'm sorry. You said we.
Who's that in reference to exactly?
You, me, Dinesh, Big Head, us.
I mean, right now Pied Piper just does audio,
but I'm thinking of ways to compress images, video...
I mean, maybe Peter Gregory's right.
Maybe this could be huge.
Look, guys, for thousands of years
guys like us have gotten the shit kicked out of us.
But now, for the first time, we are living in an era
where we can be in charge and build empires.
We could be the Vikings of our day.
- Vikings? - How are you feeling?
You look super fucked up, to be honest.
Who ate my fucking quinoa again?
So you're really about to go tell Erlich
that he's not going to get his one million dollars?
Yeah, I don't want to be there when you do that.
I would like to be there when you do that.
No, just stay here, please.
Um, so, I've been thinking about
this whole Peter Gregory, Gavin Belson thing.
And, um, I think I'm going to go with Peter Gregory.
- Uh, which I know means... - Richard.
I know that you look at me,
and see a guy who has it all figured out.
And for the most part, you're right, I do.
When I sold Aviato,
it gave me a house, money, fancy clothes,
the universal respect of all the ladies.
But there's always been a hole in my heart.
Not a literal hole like you would find
in some babies with congenital diseases,
but a metaphorical hole.
I guess that hole is the "what if".
What if I didn't sell?
I'll never know.
And so I guess what I'm saying to you now is,
you're like me, Richard.
You want to build something
and see it through.
So, just to be clear.
You're all right with me saying no to a deal
that will net you a million dollars outright?
No, Richard. I'm not all right with it.
I'm excited about it.
Let's see how high this rocket can fly, partner.
OK. Great.
That's great.
Not partners, exactly.
But everything else is great.
Call it what you want.
Always blue, always blue, always blue,
always blue, always blue, always blue,
always blue, always...
Oh! That was a yellow.
What was that, 17?
- Pretty good. - Hey, guys...
Guys, can I just kind of say something real quick?
I know it's stupid but, um...
I just want to say, uh,
I'd like for this company to be different than Hooli
and Goolybib and all the rest, you know?
Like, let's like not turn this into a corporate cult
with bike meetings and voluntary retreats
that are actually mandatory.
And claiming to make the world a better place all the time.
Let's, uh, let's just think different.
Don't think different. That's Apple.
Let's just... let's just do it.
- That's Nike, man. - I know that's Nike.
Fuck it. I don't know.
Let's just make it... Let's just make it happen.
Yeah, agreed.
To his beneficence.
Peter Gregory?
- The Dark Lord. - Of course, the Dark Lord.
Big Head.
God, he's worse high.
Always blue, always blue,
always blue, always blue...
Holy shit.
What the fuck is that?
Uh, that is Jared Dunn.
He works for Gavin Belson.
Sorry if I scared you.
I know I have somewhat ghost-like features.
My uncle used to say,
"You look like someone starved a virgin to death."
It's... Yeah. I can see it.
I heard you were having a launch party.
- Yeah. - Am I early?
No.
Well then, a gift of congratulations.
Now, if Gavin sent you here,
you should know that I've turned him down.
I'm going with Peter Gregory.
I'm actually picking up my check tomorrow.
So I've made my decision.
That's not why I'm here. It's just...
watching you say no to ten million dollars
to build your own thing,
there's just something very exciting about that.
What is he doing here?
Hey, this is a private party, buddy.
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
- Oh, I didn't mean to... - You know, in the state of California
you can kill a man for entering your house without permission.
OK. I understand. Uh, thank you.
Richard, I just wanna say,
I really respect what you're doing here.
And if you could ever use someone
with my business development skill set,
I would love to be a part of this.
The fuck you will be.
We'll call you when we want pleated khakis.
You know this is a fucking domestic?
Why... why were you so mean to him?
He wasn't spying on us. He just said he likes us.
He wants to join the company.
Of course he does, Richard.
Let me explain something to you.
You whole life you've been an ugly chick.
But now suddenly you are a hot chick,
with big tits and small nipples.
so guys like that are gonna keep coming around,
don't be a slut, Richard.
I don't...
Now speaking of such things,
Dinesh, change the lighting to something erotic
because it's about to get pretty fucking erotic in here.
License to Kill-9. IB Action-dot-Erotica.
Wha... what... what's going on?
- What's happening? - Gentlemen, I present to you...
Mochacino.
Not this guy.
Mochacino.
She's my gift to you.
You wanna smoke weed?
Can somebody play something with a beat, please?
I'll go make a playlist.
Yeah. I actually have some... some water, uh, cooking, I think.
Yeah, I don't pay for it. So...
barking up the wrong tree here.
God, I hate Palo Alto.
Hello again.
You know, I don't actually have a ton of dance music
but I turned the bass way up.
Baby...
you're getting a private show.
What the fuck?
OK. There's the butt time.
Hey, should we have left him in there by himself?
I mean, should we go back in there?
No interest. I entice the flesh,
I don't pay for it.
Plus, Tara's coming into town in a couple weeks.
I'm saving up all my humors for her.
You know what I mean?
What's your excuse?
I didn't even shake a woman's hand until I was 17-years-old.
The idea of getting an erection around men I live and work with,
it's just not something I can handle.
The idea that I have a boner and you have a boner
and he has a boner
and we're all sitting there with boners in our pants?
I wonder if he's OK in there.
So what do you guys do here?
We're mostly working on a lossless compression algorithm.
- A what? - It makes files smaller.
Doesn't matter. Uh, it's called Pied Piper.
It's gonna be famous. You'll know it, eventually.
Who was this woman that you shook hands with for the first time?
The postman lady.
- What? - A woman that was a man?
Not a post-man lady.
- A lady who was a post... - Let me ask you another question.
Who was the second woman you shook hands with?
I didn't even know you were coming.
- Stop. Doug! - Oh, boy.
- Stop. - I don't think I'm the one...
Someone is paying me. OK.
I didn't come just to dance on your boner all night for free.
I was not erect. I... that was... I was only being polite.
So you were being polite when you said that you loved me?
First off, I said you seemed like
someone I could fall in love with.
And, yes, also politeness.
Richie, pay the lady.
What? Why... why should I pay her?
I didn't hire her. I didn't even get a lap dance.
This is a company party and you're the CEO.
- So pony up. - No. If anyone should pay her it should be you.
Doug, help the CEO find his money.
No. No, no. We don't... I don't need help.
I know where it is. It's here.
It's all here.
Do you... I don't know... do you accept AmEx?
You damn right I do.
Put a hundred on there for yourself, Mocha.
- Well, that's an expensive boner. - Not a boner.
Thanks for coming in, guys.
We have a lot to do, so,
let's get started.
Sounds great.
Me? OK.
Well, we're just really excited to get going, Mr. Gregory.
Yes. Who's "We"?
Myself, him, uh,the guys back at the house.
Guys?
What guys?
Who is this?
Erlich Bachman. I'm an entrepreneur,
much like yourself.
Richard actually developed Pied Piper
while residing in my incubator,
so as per our agreement,
I own ten percent of the company.
I'm paying you $200,000 for five percent
yet you're giving this man...
twice that in exchange for... a futon?
And some sandwiches?
Actually, sir, my tenants provide their own food...
What other percentages have you apportioned?
Can I see your cap table, investment deck,
business plan or any other relevant paperwork
you may have prepared?
I... I just was under the impression that, uh...
we would just be coming by and saying "Hi", you know,
uh, to pick up the check.
And, uh, I just didn't know that any of that stuff was due yet.
"Due"?
This is not college, Richard.
I am not going to be giving you a course syllabus.
You turned down ten million dollars to keep Pied Piper.
What did you give up that money for?
What is this company?
What did I buy?
- You bought the algorithm, which... - No.
The algorithm is the product of the company.
I know that.
What I'm asking about is the company itself.
Who is it? What do they do?
Are they essential?
Or do you just throw a percentage at them
like you did with this...
This all must be worked out.
Now.
When you said you'd guide us
through some of the stuff I thought that this was
the stuff you'd be guiding us through.
I cannot guide you until you give me...
something to guide.
This is going very poorly.
- I know that. - He doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Did you just take a sip from an empty cup?
Yes.
Why did you do that?
- Just something to do. - Come back in 48 hours
with an airtight business plan,
a clear go-to-market strategy,
and three year summary P&L or there will be no check.
That's it.
Well, thanks for coming in, guys.
Are there any water fountains in your offices?
I assume.
I own ten percent of an app
that locates all nearby water fountains.
I'd be happy to discuss it with you.
Good day, gentlemen.
You smoke weed?
You really embarrassed me in there.
You didn't say shit about any business plan before today.
And neither did he.
And he was kind of being an asshole back there.
Yeah, that's why he's a billionaire.
'Cause he knows how and when to be an asshole.
That's what you need to be like.
- You do, Richard. - Whatever.
If you continue to mismanage
this company giving ten percent to whoever...
Obviously, you know, we can't go back on my shares.
That ship has sailed but from here on out.
Now you're being an asshole.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
Richard, if you're not an asshole,
it creates this kind of asshole vacuum and that
void is filled by other assholes, like Jared.
I mean, you almost gave him shares.
You need to completely change who you are, Richard.
A complete Teutonic shift has to happen.
Tectonic.
What?
A "tectonic" shift is the earth's crust moving around.
"Teutonic", which is what you just said,
is an ancient Germanic tribe that fought the Romans.
They were originally from Scandinavia...
Stop it! Stop it.
You're being a complete tool right now.
I need you to be a complete asshole.
Do you understand the difference?
If you're not an asshole, this company dies.
Erlich, I have 48 hours.
Are you going to help me with this business plan or not?
I believe in you, Richard. That's why I'm not.
"Business plans that are created in support of new ventures
are to implement profound changes in existing venture."
Hi, this is Richard Hendricks.
Is now a good time?
Uh, I need some help.
Who's Chevy Volt is that out front?
Uh, Jared Dunn's.
What? Why? Why is he here?
Well, because as you know,
I need some advice on the business plan.
You're cutting him in?
Good morning. Whoops, that was weird.
I don't know why I did that.
You kind of have a... like a king-ish feeling to you.
You're like a... like a Norse hero from Valhalla.
Don't pander to me.
Peter Gregory said specifically to trim the fat.
They actually tried to diagnose me
with a wasting disease because of my slender frame.
So, um, I ironed out our customer acquisition strategy,
and I wrapped our financials, I did a DCF valuation.
Most VC's can't even do that math,
but something tells me Peter is different.
I think we can jump into the one-on-ones with each team member
- to see if I can defend our cap table. - OK.
Um, but first, if you don't mind,
I'd like to use the restroom.
Yeah. You don't have to ask permission to do that.
Why, have you not gone since you've been here?
I have not.
Well... well, go. I mean, go.
Denpok, I know you were in Aspen,
thank you for coming. Please, have a seat.
I'm not sitting this summer.
Of course. Incredible.
What's weighing on you, Gavin?
Jared Dunn quit today to join Pied Piper.
I hate Richard Hendricks,
that little Pied Piper prick.
Is... is that wrong?
In the hands of a lesser person, perhaps.
But in the hands of the enlightened,
hate can be a tool for great change.
You're right once again.
AUDIOUS, play John Lennon's "Imagine."
Cueing, John Wayne in a mansion. Not found.
- Fuck! - Invalid command.
Fuck!
Use the anger, chela. Use it.
Uh, thanks for sitting down like this, Gilfoyle.
We know it's kind of a little weird.
So, um... can you kind of catch me up on
what you see as your role in the company?
What do you do?
What do I do?
System architecture. Networking and security.
No one in this house can touch me on that.
OK, that's good to know.
But does anyone appreciate that?
While you were busy minoring in gender studies
and singing a capella at Sarah Lawrence,
I was gaining root access to NSA servers.
I was one click away from starting a second Iranian revolution.
I actually went to Vassar.
I prevent cross-site scripting,
I monitor for DDOS attacks,
emergency database rollbacks, and faulty transaction handlings.
The Internet... heard of it?
...transfers half a petabyte of data every minute.
Do you have any idea how that happens?
All those YouPorn ones and zeroes streaming directly
to your shitty, little smart phone day after day?
Every dipshit who shits his pants if he can't get
the new dubstep Skrillex remix in under 12 seconds?
It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.
People like me, ensuring your packets
get delivered, un-sniffed. So what do I do?
I make sure that one bad config on one key component
doesn't bankrupt the entire fucking company.
That's what the fuck I do.
That's basically what I told him.
Listen, wherever we end up here...
...I just wanna say that I feel
I should get more equity than Dinesh.
I know Gilfoyle probably came in here
and puked out a bunch of tech specs,
three-fourths of which are total horse-shit.
Did he bring up the Iranian Revolution thing?
Yeah, those words mean nothing.
But here's a fact:
I'm the only one of these clowns that can code in Java.
And I write sleek performant low-overhead Scala code
with higher order functions that will run on anything.
Period. End of sentence. So basically,
I think whatever equity I get,
it should reflect that I contribute more than Gilfoyle.
- This sounds weird. - I know, right? It's...
- Everybody's been doing it. - Gilfoyle did this?
It's just a formality, to get me caught up.
So what makes you of value to the Pied Piper team?
Programming.
I guess... pretty good at code,
develop algorithms... so forth.
Different from the type of algorithm Richard created?
Well, yeah. Like, not as good.
Richard's a 10X-er, I'm, like, barely an X-er.
I kinda suck.
Smoked you. And now...
- Don't be a dick. - Mushroom stamp!
- You're being a dick. - There you go. Show that to your mom.
Mushroom stamp! That's great.
Hey, what do you guys think about this Jared? He's shit, right?
No, he's pretty sharp.
Yeah, he does shit that no one else in the house can do.
Yeah, but he's a know it all.
I don't think there's room in here for him.
Well, there will be after Richard gets rid of Big Head.
Wait, Richard's getting rid of Big Head? Why?
Listen, we all love Big Head.
But, the truth is he's not as good of a coder as I am,
not as good at system architecture as Gilfoyle,
not as good at being a prick as you, no offense.
He's a lightweight at everything. Brings nothing to the table.
Him getting points would be a big "Fuck you" to all of us.
- But he's a great guy. - Great guy. But useless.
Yeah, he is a great guy. Not like that Jared.
At least we can all agree on that.
Yeah, I don't know.
Me and Richard have just always kinda like been in this together, you know?
Together, right. But to be clear,
Richard created the algorithm on his own, yes?
Oh, yeah, I had nothing to do with that.
- He's my best friend. - That's true.
Yes. The camaraderie is quite apparent.
But Peter Gregory demanded a lean,
ruthless business plan.
And I don't think that
the CEO of Microsoft has a paid best friend.
Sergey Brin does. Larry doesn't do shit.
See?
What if Big Head is sort of like
a floating utility player? Kinda like a jack of all trades.
But by his own admission, he's really more like a master of none.
That's true. That is true.
Which is not something you'd generally
reward with several points in what may some day be
a multi-billion dollar company.
This will never fly with Peter Gregory.
I would not want to be Richard right now.
Having to tell Big Head that he's out.
This is gonna sound super mean,
but the other night he was sleeping,
I was just staring at his face.
All I could think was, "He's utterly useless."
Big Head is a man with zero purpose.
- Oh, hi. Hi, Big Head. - Hey.
How's it going?
It's... super good... right now.
Um, I'm just going to maybe go for a bike ride real fast
and clear my... head.
I'll see... you.
- Bike safe. - Yeah, enjoy it.
That was nice, guys. He heard everything.
That doesn't make it not true.
I mean, come on, Richard. As far as Pied Piper is concerned,
he's as pointless as Mass Effect 3's multiple endings.
I mean, he's a completely useless appendage and we all know it.
- Oh, hey, man. - Forgot my water bottle.
Just gonna grab it, and then
probably walk right back through one more time.
I mean, Mass Effect 3? Harsh.
I didn't mean for him to hear it but it was true.
I mean, we all called him a
great guy but he didn't overhear any of that.
It's been 12 hours.
Goddamn. He's still not answering.
I'm actually kind of worried about him.
You know, if he's gone, like, really truly gone,
in a way that kind of solves your problem.
I mean, like, if he's dead...
Are you trying to say that Big Head might be dead?
That doesn't help at all. How is that helping?
I'm just saying that that's
a possible thing that could've happened to him.
It could happen to anybody. And in this case,
at least something good came out of it.
What's the good part?
You don't have to have an awkward conversation.
That's scary. Should we go look for him?
I mean, I agree with these guys. Jared's just not working out.
- What? - Um, Richard...
I, uh, don't wanna be too assertive here
but I could use your input on a few things for the business plan.
Richie, you tried your best. Just call him,
leave a message, say he's out.
No, that's an asshole move.
Yeah, remember? You need to be an asshole.
I feel bad about saying that thing about him being dead.
That's not who I am.
- Wait, what is that? - That's impossible.
Nip Alert isn't live yet.
Maybe he's demoing it for someone.
"Mochacino."
He rode his bike to San Jose?
Jared, can I borrow your car?
- Sure. - I have a car.
What... what's wrong with my car?
I just have... I don't know.
All right, well, remember to be an asshole.
A real asshole.
Hi, I'm Richard Hendricks.
You did a dance... the dancing at my house.
Your ride's here.
Oh, hey, man.
Mushroom stamp!
No, come on, dude, not...
I just wanted to work with computers and get paid for it.
I didn't want end up fighting
with my roommates over percentage points.
So you're just gonna give up?
On what? This isn't home.
As much as I've tried, it's just not.
I mean, what would've I have
even done if I didn't have Mochacino's card?
Where would I have gone? It's fucking pathetic.
Well, Mochacino seemed to like you.
She let you into her apartment.
I had to give her my bike.
She's just like everyone else in this goddamn valley.
Watching the bottom line. Fuck it, dude. I'm done here.
What about Nip Alert?
Mochacino shows her tits for a living
and even she was uncomfortable using it.
She said it was sexist. She's right. It's actually perverted.
I made a perverted, sexist, useless thing.
And, you know, everybody's right, man,
there's nothing for me to do on Pied Piper.
I think over time, maybe we could redefine your role.
Come on, dude. Unless you can
tell me right now what I can do for Pied Piper
that no one else can, I'm gone.
Yeah.
I'm going to go get the stuff out of my cube at Hooli
and then I'm getting the hell out of this town.
So this is goodbye then?
I mean, I'll see you back at the house, man.
I gotta, like, pack and stuff.
Totally.
I'm going to take the train I think, just... do some thinking...
OK, all right, see ya.
- The train is this way... I just... - Oh. I was gonna say.
Big Head...
Whatever shit you're about to dump on my head,
you can save it, OK? I'm not in the mood.
Dude, I just wanted to tell you
that Gavin Belson wants to talk to you about something.
- Oh, OK. Fuck you. - No. Seriously.
Gavin Belson said he wants to speak to Nelson Bighetti?
Yeah, that's what I just said.
Come on.
Ok.
I'm awake! I'm awake.
- What? - No, no, I wasn't.
I was sleeping.
I'm sorry for sleeping and for lying about it.
For both. No good.
What happened? Did you fire Big Head?
Uh, no. Not yet. I don't know. Sort of.
So do I include him in the cap table or not?
It's basically good to go.
Uh... no, he's out.
Uh, wait... I don't know.
Actually, I just need to close my eyes for a little bit. OK?
Richard, it's t-minus four hours until presentation time.
Are you gonna fire Big Head or not?
I don't know. Uh... I'm just very tired.
OK? I'm just gonna go get some water...
Richard, stop being a fucking pussy
and start being an asshole.
Fine! You want me to be an asshole,
I'll be an asshole.
I'll be an asshole to you and
you and you and you
and Peter-fucking-Gregory!
OK? Fuck all of you. Big Head stays!
You know, if I wanted to be a sell out
I'd have done that already.
I'd be on a beach somewhere
with ten million dollars in my pocket.
Not in my pocket, in a bank account.
OK? This is my company.
It was my idea and we do what I say.
And what I say is, Jared,
put Big Head in the business plan.
He gets the same amount of shares as everybody else.
Big Head, you're not going home, man.
You're right. I'm not.
Gavin Belson just offered me a huge promotion
for 600 grand a year to steal me away from you guys.
- What? - Yeah.
For revenge. Because you took Jared.
So you're like the V.P. of Spite?
But you have to do me a favor, Richard,
if you run into Gavin ever
you have to act really upset about it, you know?
Oh, but I am upset.
OK? What the fuck? I kind
of just went out on a limb for you here, man.
Sorry, man, but this is huge for me.
I'm going to move out, get my own place.
In light of this new information, who gets Big Head's equity?
Should I get half of his shares...?
I do. I get it.
OK? I get all of it!
Big Head, man,
congratulations on the job, really.
But if you'll excuse me,
I have to go lock down a motherfucking business plan.
Jared, you're with me.
- What an asshole. - Yeah. What an asshole.
Next.
Hi. Deposit?
Two hundred thousand dollars from Peter Gregory?
Sorry.
Hello?
Dude, they're taking your code apart.
What?
Did you give those brogrammer guys
access to a player download or something?
Oh shit. They probably hacked the prototype
and decompiled the compression library...
Well, they've got it now, man.
They're gonna reverse-engineer a version
as close as they can without getting sued.
Wait, wait, are you sure about this?
Yeah, dude, Gavin wants to beat you to market.
He wants to make sure no other investor
in the Valley offers you a dime.
That is not good.
They're calling it Nucleus, whatever the fuck that means.
Shit. Sorry, dude,
I can't be talking to you like this. Later.
Yeah.
"Nucleus"?
Excuse me.
This check is made out to "Pied Piper Incorporated."
Do you have an SS-4?
A what?
Is "Pied Piper" a corporation registered with the IRS?
I can't deposit that into a personal account.
I don't know.
Um... is that something maybe you could help me with?
No, sir.
Buddy, come on.
Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah.
- Thank you. - Sorry. OK.
Next.
The greatness of human accomplishment
has always been measured by size.
The bigger, the better.
Until now.
Nanotech.
Smart cars.
Small is the new big.
In the coming months, Hooli will deliver Nucleus,
the most sophisticated compression software platform
the world has ever seen.
Because if we can make your audio and video files smaller,
we can make cancer smaller.
And hunger.
And AIDS.
What an asshole.
Why would he announce it so far ahead of the actual rollout?
No one does that.
He's got to be doing it just to fuck with us, right?
I actually think we're OK.
The player I gave them was from a retired repository
that was audio only.
Video compression is a completely different paradigm.
What they have is like Pied Piper, but not as good.
People will see that.
Not if they get to market before us.
Inferior products win out all the time.
Like Jesus over Satan.
I was going to say VHS over Beta.
OK, well, actually this is a superior product, right here.
Is it a margarita machine?
It's better.
My first official purchase as CEO of Pied Piper.
That's not really our logo is it?
It looks like a guy sucking a dick
and he's got another dick tucked behind his ear for later.
- Like a snack dick. It does. - No, it's... it's Pied Pipe...
Here, put them on.
Gilfoyle, come on.
I don't want it.
Jared, I bought these T-shirts with my credit card
but I think I'm close to being maxed out, so...
Yeah, um, we may have a little problem there.
Peter Gregory's check. So?
So, it's made out to "Pied Piper Incorporated,"
I checked with the Secretary of State website,
and there's already a "Pied Piper" operating in California.
So we need to change our name.
- Thank God! - Praise the Dark Lord, that's great news.
No, it's not great news. We love the name Pied Piper.
It's a classic fairy tale.
Well, I looked it up.
It's about a predatory flautist
who murders children in a cave.
It has all of that going for it, Richard, and I still hate it.
Richard, if we are going to change the name,
we need to do it now.
Names stick. My name's only Jared
because Gavin called me that on my first day.
My real name is Donald.
But, Jared, we already bought the T-shirts.
I can't take these back. It was an online order.
What is that atrocity?
What are we, an Irish pornography company?
I thought we were gonna replace the name "Pied Piper."
I thought it was a place holder.
"Placeholder" would honestly be a better name than Pied Piper.
Richard, I've actually been holding off
telling people I'm the co-founder of "Pied Piper"
Because frankly,
it's a little embarrassing.
OK Well, um, just to remind you,
you are not the co-founder.
So please don't tell anyone.
Richard, take Aviato.
That's not a name I found,
it's a name that found me
on a vision quest.
Something that you should do.
No, no. I'm not gonna eat a bunch of drugs
and sit out in the desert,
and hope some name randomly pops in my head.
Well, then I question your leadership.
Richard, a name defines a company.
It has to be something primal,
something that you can scream out during intercourse.
Like Aviato.
'Uuuuber'
Uuuuber!
Gooooogle!
'Huuuuuulu'
Huuuuuulu!
Exactly, right. Pied Piper!
I'm so sorry. Your voice doesn't really reach
that register when you ejaculate, does it?
No, it's just, everyone was doing it, I was just chiming in.
You guys, we can't change our name.
I can't go into Peter Gregory's office with a new name,
and ask him to cut me a new check.
I mean, he's pulled funding from companies for a lot less.
Uh, the Pied Piper name and trademark
are registered to a sprinkler company in Gilroy.
I guess you could head out there and talk to them.
- But... - OK.
They may refuse...
No, no, no. I'll negotiate with them.
No offense, Richard, but you're not a strong negotiator.
I'm a great negotiator, Dinesh.
You're a terrible negotiator.
I'm a decent negotiator.
Just, so...
Oh, Peter, you're here.
We were supposed to meet 40 minutes ago
with the guys from Astraphile
about the emergency capital injection.
As we discussed,
our North Carolina plant went sideways.
So we need 15 million now
or we'll have to shut down.
Have any of you ever eaten at "Burger King"?
Yes...
Why?
Well, I was just driven past one.
And while I know their market cap is seven billion dollars-plus,
I realize I am unfamiliar with their offerings.
OK, fine.
But what does that have to do...
Is it popular among your peers?
Is it enjoyed?
- People seem to like it. - Yeah, it's OK.
And their selection consists solely of these burgers,
of which they are presumably king?
They have other things. Chicken, fish.
I'm sorry. What are we doing here?
Here is what we will do.
Monica, have one of the assistants
go to the nearest Burger King location
and purchase one of everything.
Hey, Dinesh. Dinesh.
I'm on the phone with the bank
and they say they need an extra form for your payroll,
because of your VISA?
VISA? What VISA?
I'm a fucking US citizen.
I have Dinesh Chugtai here, and he's pretty irate because...
Oh, I see.
Bertram Gilfoyle is the foreign national.
Citizen of Canada.
OK, thank you.
You're Canadian?
Your "borders" are merely a construct.
I prefer to think of myself as a citizen of the world.
Do you mind just sending them the form
so they know you're here legally?
Yes, I mind.
And also I may not be.
To wit, maybe you could make out my checks to cash?
Or bitcoin.
I didn't know I was working with an illegal.
The irony.
Well, sometimes we do center pivot,
but mainly we do lineal like you see out there.
What is it your business does again?
Something to do with algebra?
Uh... algorithm, actually.
It's for compression.
Ultimately what we're trying to do is...
You remind me of my son.
He's got Asperger's too.
Oh, no, I don't uh...
Probably all those pesticides they put on the crops.
Well, whatever it is your business does,
I don't think it's going to interfere
with my irrigation company here.
I'm thinking about getting in another line of work anyway.
All these foreigners coming over here,
putting pieces of shit
like that all over the good farmland around here.
Also people can sit around, stare at their phones all day.
Nobody jerks off to magazines any more.
Uh, well, actually, that is a server farm.
What we do, compression,
would mean fewer of those,
because we'd save a lot of memory space.
- Really? - Yeah.
Well, I'm all for that, believe me.
I'll tell you what.
You can have the name for a thousand dollars.
How's that sound?
Uh, that sounds great!
Yeah, cool.
Oh, tremors, too, huh?
Just like my boy.
Go for Erlich.
This is Richard Hendricks, CEO of Pied Piper.
That's right. You guys said I was a bad negotiator,
but I closed it!
We got a name. Tell everyone you know.
Oh, all right.
You don't sound that impressed.
No, no, I am.
I just...
Now we're Pied Piper. So, later.
Here you go.
You must drink a lot of margaritas huh?
We will now.
I have a startup that just got funded
so this is just kind of a gift for my guys to celebrate.
Good luck with that.
You'll need it too,
- when this town kicks you in the balls. - OK.
- Let me get the door for you. - Sure.
I had three startups, myself,
and I couldn't get those Sand Hill Road morons
to fund any of them.
Cowards. My last company was genius.
Have you ever been lost in a parking lot before?
So what my app would do is using existing AVL technology, right?
So you'd type in the VIN number.
And if you car didn't have AVL capabilities
you would just type in
whatever section of the parking lot you were in,
like P3, or ground seven.
So you just, you just write down
what section of the parking lot you're in?
Why do you need an app for that?
So you can remember where you parked.
Right, uh, but why don't you just write it down on a piece of paper?
Well, yeah. But this is for your phone.
OK, so it's just sorta like Notepad?
- Exactly! See? You get it. - Yeah. I get it.
Why can't all those fucking VCs?
Pussies, man.
Oh, there we go, thanks.
This is which one?
The BK Double Stacker.
Fascinating...
Peter, I know that you are
incredibly busy with... this.
But I made a personal promise to the Astraphile guys
that none of their employees would lose their job,
which will happen at midnight to...
Do you see this?
The Junior Whopper?
No, not the sandwich.
This seed... atop the breading.
Those are sesame seeds.
A high number of these breadings have sesame seeds on them.
Billions of breadings.
Sesame seeds.
They only grow in certain microclimates.
Peter, I know you don't want to cause
173 people in North Carolina...
Cicadas.
Gentlemen!
It's our own personal Herb Cohen!
- Who? - Herb Cohen.
He's a famous negotiator. Wrote a bunch of textbooks.
- No? - What?
Have you seen the blogs?
No.
Erlich went HAM on all the tech sites.
He hit TechCrunch, Recode, and PandoDaily.
Listen to what Kara Swisher says:
"'Individually', says Erlich Bachman, 'We are formidable.
But when you combine our portfolios,
Peter Gregory and I account for billions of dollars in assets."
We at Pied Piper look forward to giving Gavin Belson
and the donkeys at Nucleus a run for their money.'"
What a dick.
It's the guy with the name.
Hello, Arnold.
Cut the shit.
I just Recode.Net.
You read Recode?
I do when my customers tell me
the name of my company's all over the internet.
But you'd probably think I'm just out here
shitting in a hole and wiping with my hand.
No, no, no, I don't think you do that.
Do people think you do that? Do you do that?
No, no, no!
I'm not falling for that phony, mumbley-mouth,
googly-eyed routine again.
If you're this tech billionaire,
why did I give you the name Pied Piper for next to nothing?
You played me.
You want the name, it's going to cost you 250 grand.
OK, I think you just need to talk to the guy who said all that.
And he can clear it up for you.
- Where's Erlich? - He's outside with the intern.
- What intern? - You got interns?
We might as well have interns, we hire illegal aliens.
- What? - No, no. We don't have either of those things.
I'll tell you what, asshole,
you use the name Pied Piper again,
I'm going to call my lawyer
and we're gonna sue the shit out of you.
- Fucking billionaires. - Arnold? Arnold, hello?
- That sounded sub-optimal. - Yeah, it was.
Hey, Jared, you know who else is Canadian?
Justin Bieber, the Hitler of music.
Do you have a problem with me being Canadian?
I do, actually.
Do you have any idea how long it took me to become a citizen?
Did it take you a long time?
I'm glad I didn't do it then.
Typical lazy immigrant.
These people think they can just walk into this country...
I did just walk into this country.
My car broke down on the Ambassador Bridge.
It took me an extra 15 minutes to get across the border.
Major hassle.
You know, Hitler actually played the bassoon.
So, technically, Hitler was the Hitler of music.
I don't understand. I thought you closed the name.
Well, I guess it's still a little ajar, I don't know.
Who am I, Herb Cohen?
- I don't know who that is. - Neither do I.
That's a... that's a Jared thing.
Make sure to clean off all the gunk off the front bumper, OK?
And since when do we have an intern program?
We don't. And when Keith finds that out,
it's gonna be a valuable business lesson for him.
What? Those are the Pied Piper shirts!
- Are you Richard? - Yeah. Yes.
OK, look, I fucked up. What do we do now?
Who's "we"?
This morning you rudely reminded me
that I wasn't a founder of this company
and now you want me to hold your hand and help you out?
I don't think so, sister.
This credit card is no good.
Declined.
Great. Great.
That stupid margarita machine maxed me out.
So now the CEO of Pied Piper can't even afford to buy lunch.
Yeah, I don't think we can use that name anymore.
Dude! Dude, hey. I owe you a big apology, man.
I had no idea who you were before and I read all this coverage
about your company online, and I was like,
"Hey, Pied Piper!
I met this dude! He came into the store
and told me my parking app was fucking awesome!"
I did?
Yeah, so my mom was like, "Wow, really?
You should really pursue it!"
And I was like, "Yeah, I should."
The parking app?
So she decides to get a reverse mortgage on her home
and write me a check.
So I'm funded!
Because of you, man.
I was this close to giving up,
and now you gave me my dream back, man!
- But... - Oh, hey, Ron!
You see this guy? This billionaire here?
He's the reason why I'm quitting!
Jamie, you don't...
Well, you've helped me so much,
what can I do for you?
Well, I need to return this machine
because I'm broke, and I need money for food.
Just a quick question.
Uh, is this gonna be a cash return,
or does it credit back to the card?
All right, what about Smaller,
spelled "S-M-L-L-R"?
You know, because we make things smaller,
and this would be like a smaller version of the word "Smaller".
- It looks like "Smeller". - OK.
What if we spell it...
..."S-M-L-R"?
Because that's an even smaller version of the word smaller.
Then it looks like "Smiler".
We're not gonna kick the shit out of "Nucleus" with "Smiler".
Where's Richard? Why isn't he in here for this?
I think he was out back,
wishing he'd taken the ten million dollars.
No, I just saw him in his room,
wishing he had taken the ten million dollars.
You know "Smiler" is also
something that guys call women's assholes.
Richard, why aren't you in there, coming up with new names?
I don't want a new name. I want Pied Piper.
But, apparently, I can't have that.
So now I have to come up with a new name
and take that to Peter Gregory and ask for a new check.
He's gonna pull our funding,
Gavin Belson's going to crush us,
and we will be ruined
because I have no idea what I'm doing.
Neither did Zuckerberg when he was running Facebook at 19.
You think he had any real-world business experience? No. None.
But he was such a tough negotiator
that now all of his friends are suing him.
How awesome is that? And Steve Jobs?
He took a shit-ton of hallucinogens.
What a coincidence.
Maybe something that you could actually do.
I'm not going on some fucking vision quest.
OK, let me get this straight,
you would rather do nothing than something?
Because all the guys in the other room
coming up with shitty names like,
"Smallulator," are at least doing something.
Fine. I'll just do it myself.
I'll be back in 24 to 72 hours.
Have a cold pitcher of water
and some orange slices ready for me.
You know what, I'm really gonna go for this motherfucker
so you better have some grapefruit ready, too.
I'm gonna come back with a name
so amazing that Peter Gregory will write us ten checks.
What about, "Dwarfism 2.0"?
Where's "Dwarfism 1.0"?
Just in the world.
That's prejudice.
- That's hurtful. - I'm sorry.
Small, come back now, are you here?
Interesting.
Hey! That is not Cherry Garcia.
Sorry, Gilfoyle. Company business.
And who's hiding drugs? Shocker, it's the illegal immigrant.
What about Mine-imize, like "Minimize" but "Mine".
Yeah.
Hello, Mr. Garris.
Yes, this is Richard from the company
that is rightly called Pied Piper.
That's right.
No, no, no. You listen to me. OK. We had a handshake deal.
And that may not mean a lot to you,
but where I'm from, that means a whole lot.
OK, you agreed to sell me that name for a thousand dollars.
So let me ask you this?
Are you an honest man or are you a goddamn liar?
OK. Yes, same address?
Good, yeah, great. See you then.
Dude, that was fucking badass. What did he say?
He said he was gonna get in his truck,
drive down here and beat the living shit out of me.
Why did you say that was your address?
- Say any other address. - I don't know.
He's got a very powerful voice.
What are we gonna do?
If you keep screaming your name,
it forces the assailant to acknowledge you as a human.
It is now 5:35 PM and I have ingested the psilocybin.
I have started the countdown timer
and I will be reaching Sonora and Nirvana in approximately...
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
He's here, that's him.
He came.
- Should I call 911? - No, that's a pussy move.
Yeah, it's a pussy move.
Just shush.
Just stay here until he goes away, please.
I'm looking for Pied Piper.
You know where it is?
This is Pied Piper.
No, no, no. It's a company.
Like a big, big office.
Do you know where that is?
Yeah, this it. Here. Pied Piper.
No...
Hi, Arnold.
I'm Richard. I'm Richard. I'm Richard.
Donald. I'm Donald.
Richard. Richard...
Jared. I'm Jared.
Richard, Richard, Richard.
- Gilfoyle. Gilfoyle. - My name is Richard.
- Jared, Jared. - Richard, Richard.
Gilfoyle, Gilfoyle.
Jing Yang. Jing Yang. Jing Yang.
SysBit Digital Solutions.
Integrating Open Data Spaces.
TechBitData Solution Systems.
Creating...
unique cross platform technologies.
Technologies. Technolo-Jesus.
Oh, fuck!
So this is Pied Piper?
This is a billion dollar company?
Not even close. Not yet.
You pack a lot of guys in here.
It reminds me when I started Pied Piper in my garage.
I kind of miss those days.
Oh, yeah?
I'll tell you what.
Five thousand bucks and the name is yours.
Well, the thing is we agreed on a thousand.
Fine, four grand.
Look, that's not the deal.
- We shook on it. - Two thousand. Final offer.
We could do two. That's reasonable.
No, we can't do two, Jared. It's not reasonable at all.
Look, we shook hands on a thousand dollars. That's the deal.
OK. A grand.
But you gotta throw in some gas money.
- I drove all the way out here. - To come to kick my ass!
OK, you know what?
Five hundred! That's the deal. Five hundred.
- Fuck this. - No, no, no, no.
We don't have to...
we can keep it at the original thousand dollars.
So, let's...
- OK, you got a deal. - All right. Cool.
We got a name!
InfoTrode...
Cloud-based, disruptive platforms.
Disrupting the cloud through...
I said cloud twice, shit.
Making the world a better place
through cross-platform business facing cloud...
There's that... Shit! There's that cloud again!
Info-trode, info-trode!?
What the fuck is info-trode?
What is that? It's all just fucking meaningless words!
OK. No, no, no...
Making the world a better place. Making the world a better place.
Making the world a better place. Making the world a better place.
Making the world a better place. Making the world a better place.
Good-bye.
Making the world a better place. Making the world a better place.
Making the world a better place. Making the world a better place.
- Making the world a better place. - Sir?
Are you OK in there?
Making the world a better place.
He's been in there all night.
I should call the Sheriff.
Making the world a better place...
No, I... Hey, I told you he's going to handle it!
- Mr. Gregory, this is ridiculous. - Sir...
Mr. Gregory, we need an answer and we need it now!
- Yes? - We need money. Now.
And I'm sure that Burger King and sesame seeds
and whatever else you've been mumbling about in here
all seem lovely to think about...
Myanmar and Brazil.
No, no! No more of this!
Ok, are we getting the money or not?
Will you please tell us what the hell is going on?
Amusing coincidence that two of the three countries
that provide the world's sesame seeds
have such large cicada population, no?
The cicadas of Myanmar emerge every 13 years,
while the Brazilian cicadas emerge every 17.
Next year they will hatch, simultaneously,
for the first time in 221 years.
Crops from both countries will be decimated.
Unlike Myanmar and Brazil,
Indonesia has no cicada population.
I was surprised to see
Indonesian sesame seed futures priced so low.
I made a purchase.
And now, if the shortage spikes the global price
even ten percent we'll profit...
- Evan? - Sixty-eight million dollars.
If you wish, I could tap that projected revenue
and make you a bridge loan of 15 million dollars, gentlemen.
Unless you need more?
No, that's... thank you. Thank you, holy shit.
Yes? Happy?
See? I told you he was taking care of it.
And now, would anyone like some BK?
Evan was kind enough to go out and get breakfast.
It's just sitting here.
- Actually, we'd... I'd love some. - Thank you so much.
Is there cumin in this barbecue sauce?
- I will definitely find out. - Please do.
Gentlemen, we just got back from the bank.
Our first deposit slip.
We are officially Pied Piper.
And I am officially legal.
Dinesh wouldn't shut the hell up,
so we finally went to the VISA office.
Took me five minutes.
Took me five years.
They asked me about Al-Qaeda, like, 14 times.
He literally got it while I was still looking for parking.
- Hello. - Is this Pied Piper?
It is now, but we're not
taking an follow-on investors at this point.
Investors? No,
this is Kelsey from the Arco station out on 108.
Someone smeared your name and number
in shit on my bathroom wall.
- Uh, I think you may have the wrong number... - Richie.
Oh, hey, guys.
Who is this?
You're not gonna believe this, but this is me.
Time is a sphere
and I've been reincarnated during the same time period in which I exist.
Yes, but where he come from?
From the future, obviously.
Also, from a parking lot at a gas station in Sonora.
He ate the whole bag of gold caps.
Awesome!
Erlich...
Venga conmigo.
Mi casa es...
mi casa.
So, should I call the cops now before anyone else does?
I just got an AMBER Alert for Rogilio Nuez.
Yeah, OK.
Richie!
- Right on time. - Hey. You're the lawyer?
Ron LaFlamme. Great to meet you.
All right, homeboy. Pop a squat.
Start autographing by the flags.
Lot of paper to get through.
So, what do you think?
About?
Jeannie. She's pretty hot, right?
Oh. Yeah. No, she's... she's very pretty.
Yeah, she is.
Oh, we're doing that. OK.
So yo, Peter tells me you're popping your cherry with this.
So let me just walk you through it.
That stuff you're signing gives you
the convertible note for funding
and establishes you and Peter Gregory
as the board members of Pied Piper,
incorporated in the state of Delaware.
OK. Why Delaware?
Rich, Rich. Lawyer, not lawyer.
I got you.
So, Peter Gregory, big fan of you.
He invited you to his toga party, right?
That's a big deal.
Flo Rida's playing.
- You like Flo Rida? - Should be fun.
- Yeah, I went to a lot Silicon Valley... - See this guitar?
Sergey and Larry from Google signed it.
Both of them. Right there.
So, Pied Piper.
You're one of Peter's compression plays, huh?
Uhh, one of? How many does he have?
Not too many. Like six or eight.
OK. Why are there so many?
You know how sea turtles have a shit-ton of babies
because most of them die on their way down to the water?
Peter just wants to make sure
that his money makes it to the ocean.
But it seems like you got your shit together.
A lot of these guys come in here
and they can do all of the engineering stuff
but they get all hung up on technicalities.
They can't just tell you what their vision for the company is.
Those guys are so fucked.
It's like you need both halves of the brain, right?
The Jobs and the Wozniak. The Ying and the Yang.
Oh. I think it's "Yin".
- "Yin"? - Yeah.
- Like "Yin and Yan?" - No. Like Yin and Yang.
No. It's Ying and Yang, they're opposites.
So, Pied Piper, drop it on me. What is it?
Well, we started off as a music app.
- Yuck. - Yeah. Gross. Ugh.
But we've, uh, we've pivoted since then.
Uh-oh. To what?
Well, our Weissman scores are consistently high across all media,
audio, video, meta-data.
Actually, that's not true.
We've had some trouble encoding 3D video.
I think it's because the pixels change value differently
than conventional...
Just look at the flow diagram, dude.
No, the filter bank is part of the prediction loop.
What are you talking about, this is lossless compression.
Oh, hey, Big Head, you were there.
Why did Richard use a DCT filter bank?
Not really sure. Richard tried to explain some of this stuff
but a lot of it I didn't really understand,
so I'd kinda just nod and smile, you know?
Can you at least help us
figure out this insane DFT spider web he's using?
Dude, do you understand any of this?
I eat the fish.
I understand you eat the fish.
But when you clean the fish
you can't leave the fish head and guts and shit in the sink.
Because the whole house smells like a bait station.
So you gotta put it in the trash
and then take the trash out.
Do you understand?
Yes. I eat the fish.
Motherfuck!
Do you know how awkward it is
to not be able to describe your own company?
Like, I built Pied Piper and you could see it
but I can't really describe to you what it is
even though I kind of know where I'm going.
You do realize we quit working on our own apps
to work for you, right?
Shouldn't you more than "Kind of know where you're going?"
Because that's basically what the CEO does.
I do.
Sort of.
OK, it's like trying to tell someone how to get somewhere,
even though you don't really know the exact address. Right?
Like, how do you do that?
Because you can't just say "Go to 415 Elm Street,"
because you don't even know what that is. Right?
So you have to say, you know, "Go straight down that big road
and take a right at the weird thing."
But, you can't describe what that weird thing is
because you just know it as a weird thing, you know,
in your head. You always have.
Is that weird thing in your head an aneurysm?
Richard, I'm just gonna recap for a second,
um, you turned down ten million dollars
to be able to develop something that you,
as the head of the company,
can't even describe to another human being?
I say this only to motivate you.
OK, so I have been instructed to remove you
from the list of employees assigned to the Nucleus project.
You will no longer receive any Nucleus related communications,
uh, file reports, or attend any Nucleus meetings.
Any questions?
Uh, no. That's... that's pretty clear.
Great.
Am I being reassigned to something else?
Not that I am aware of. At this time. No.
Wait, so then am I being fired?
Because I have a three year contract
and my stock options...
Nobody is being fired. OK?
Look, a contract is a contract.
You know. You've got a contract.
And I've got a contract. We all have contracts.
And-and here at Hooli, contracts are honored.
Um... Yours and mine.
Everybody's. So, um...
have I made that perfectly clear?
Yeah, no. That's clear.
But, when I come into work tomorrow,
what do I... do?
That is unclear. At this time.
Shoulda worn more than my underwear and a bed sheet.
- Underwear? Pussy. - Yeah. I'm with him.
This is the type of evening that requires free-balling.
I'm gonna take my underwear off too.
Richard! Hey, you made it!
So Peter met with LaFlamme today and signed the paperwork,
which means Pied Piper is officially launched.
Uh, why didn't you tell me about
all the other compression plays Peter was seeding?
What? No... Because it's nothing you need to worry about.
Because none of those other companies have your vision.
- My vision? - Exactly.
Speaking of which, Peter really wants you to come in on Friday
to chat about big picture stuff.
You know, lay out your vision in broad strokes.
Broad strokes... for the vision of the...
Well, uh, Pied Piper is compression and we all know that.
So we don't need to talk about that...
but I could because I'm the CEO.
Pied Piper takes the data...
and... smaller. To smaller.
And, also, there's more.
It compresses the data overall...
Yeah, I... Excuse me. See you Friday. Hi Tom.
Richard, pace yourself, buddy.
You know, I wish this was Roman times. You know?
Life was simpler back then.
Simpler for you. I would have been a slave.
There's still time.
Cool costume. Where'd you get it?
Uh, my bed.
You're funny!
I'm Brooke and this is my friend Anastasia.
- Hi. - What's up, guys?
So-so-so, how do you know Peter Gregory?
Oh, through work.
We're actresses.
- Cool. - Uh, what type of actressing you work?
Oh, we're working right now.
Our startup sources actors to parties to liven things up
and get into conversations with guests and be interested in them.
Oh. Neat.
So, uh, who else is paid to be here?
Pretty much anyone that's over a seven is with us,
and anyone that's under a three is a guest.
It's a really fun job. Plus,
um, I get to work with my boyfriend.
Yo, yo, party people, y'all ready to get crazy?
Is that Flo Rida?
No idea.
Y'all ready to take this party to a whole 'nother level?
It's time to meet the original OG Gangster,
cash money mobster.
Y'all put your hands together for my brother!
The illest, the chillest,
Emperor of Rome, big Pete Gregory!
He is the illest and the chillest?
Big Pete Gregory!
Thank you, Florida.
Welcome to the Peter Gregory Foundation's
Fourth Annual Orgy of Caring.
The first three were fine.
I hope that you enjoy the party.
There is a second bar in back
where the line is much shorter.
Thank you. I'm finished.
That was very abrupt.
- So this is a rap concert? - Yep.
Holy shit, look at Erlich!
How the fuck did he get up there?
Man. See, that's what I wish I had.
It's like, I don't have any...
- Game. - Game, yes! That's it.
You know, I always knew I was missing something
and then someone explained to me the concept of game,
I remember very distinctly thinking,
"That's what I don't have. Game."
Sorry.
- Hello? - What's up, Richie Rich?
Great seeing you last night, buddy.
Just wanted you to know I had my associate
draft up everything like we talked about and it is all good.
Just emailed you the board consent
which appoints your new board member.
So just print it, sign it,
get it to Gregory to sign and it is donezo.
Uh, new board member, what?
It's in the PDF, you'll see.
All right, homey, I gotta go. My enema guy is here.
Gary! Namaste!
Pied Piper Incorporated amended board of directors:
Richard Hendricks, Peter Gregory...
Erlich Bachman?
Oh, my God.
Is Sleeping Beauty awake?
Yes, she is.
Oh, boy. Here, I brought you something for your stomach.
Be forewarned, the orange juice has vodka in it.
Little hair of the dog.
What exactly happened last night, from your side?
We happened, Richard. And the best part is,
we can relive it whenever we want to.
We're two halves of the same brain!
Whoa! You complete me!
Don't ever say that again! Do you understand me?
I will beat the shit out of you.
Yo, yo, get that camera out my face.
- Come on, Mr... OK, OK. - Get the camera out my face!
- Look at this part. - I'm asking this fat,
beautiful man
in front of God and the Flo Rider
and this white, weird cocaine statue
- to be on the Pied Piper board of directors. - Yes!
- A thousand times, yes! - He's doin' it!
- Shake on it. - It's a deal.
Plus, we have this for the Pied Piper documentary
that we're eventually gonna make.
We're making history together, partner.
Are you dressed like Steve Jobs?
Oh, am I?
Well, I suppose Steve and I
always have shared a similar aesthetic.
Little help?
Oh. OK.
- Here you go. - Thanks, man.
Sorry about the throw. Bursitis.
Uh, so, you guys having a meeting up here?
No. Not exactly.
We're all currently... unassigned.
How about you?
Yeah. Unassigned.
That's cool.
How could you put Erlich on the board?
What were you thinking?
You don't put someone inside the company on the board.
Then he and Peter Gregory can vote you out.
Yeah. You gotta find an outsider you trust. Like your Mom.
I'd put Erlich on the board before my mom. Backstabbing bitch.
Guys, I was drunk, OK?
You know, I half-jokingly said to Gilfoyle last night:
"It looks like Richard is going to suck Erlich's dick."
But that would be reasonable compared to this.
Richard, um, could I speak to you?
OK. Yeah.
He's the least cool guy I've ever met.
I heard about what's been happening.
I have to say, I'm a little disappointed.
Yeah, I don't... I don't know what I was thinking.
Yes. I mean, um,
is there a reason I wasn't invited to the party?
Is there some sense that I'm not part of the gang?
What? Uh, Jared.
Of course not. It was just an oversight.
I mean, we weren't even sure if we were gonna go.
Uh-huh. And what was it like there?
Were there gelatin shots?
No. No, uh, it was stupid and loud.
Uh, honestly, you're better off.
I suppose. I had a fine night.
I... I had some palak paneer
and I watched a documentary about Liberia.
But then I woke up to this, um, unexpected development.
Do you...do you really want Erlich on the board?
- Because I'll support you... - No. I don't. At all.
I was just drunk.
I don't know how to get out of it.
I mean, what am I going to say to Peter Gregory?
Well, if you don't sign the documents,
and you don't give them to Peter Gregory,
then it won't happen. Simple as that.
Really? I... Wow. OK.
That is a relief, Jared. Thanks.
I'm...I'm glad you're around.
Well, keep that in mind for future parties.
Honestly, sometimes we forget you're here.
You guys, company photo time out back. Let's go!
Uh, Gilfoyle, OK, off to the center a little bit.
Like your personality. No, no, no, no.
Dinesh, leave it unbuttoned. We want you to look like shit.
Makes for a better "before" photo.
But you're wearing a jacket.
Yeah, because I'm the genius marketer.
I'm not a code freak like you guys.
Besides, I'm wearing sandals so I am iconoclasting a little bit.
Oh, good. Jared. Ugh. What the fuck is with that vest?
Right over here. As if you're sort of a late addition
that may not stick around for the entire duration of the company.
And then, Richard. There you go. The man of the hour.
OK. We'll take a few like this,
and then... just Richard and I.
Because at the end of the day,
people only want to see a picture of the board members.
It... Actually, it's, um...
you're not gonna be a board member.
What?
I'm in year three of a five year deal
and, Matt, you got what, like three years left?
Yeah. We all got acquired by Hooli,
when we didn't work out, none of us got reassigned.
Because Gavin believes in this Japanese form of management
where not being assigned is the most shameful outcome.
Yeah, it does feel uncomfortable.
Nah. Give it a week or two, you'll get, like, numb to it.
Well, why are you guys still coming in?
Rest and vest.
Oh... Because in order to fully vest your options,
you've gotta wait until your contracts are up.
- I get it. - You catch on slow.
You'll fit right in here.
Lunch?
Arby's on El Camino? I'll drive.
No, let's walk. It'll take longer.
Gotta do something to fill the day, right?
I was drunk! You took advantage of me!
Man, they are really going at it.
So, um... last night, what was the girl situation?
And after all I've given up for this company.
Oh, what have you given up?
I owned ten percent of Dinesh's app,
ten percent of Gilfoyle's app.
Multiple potential streams of income.
Not to mention that a hundred percent of the team
that you have, were all guys that I recruited for this house.
- That must be worth something to me. - It is!
Ten percent of Pied Piper!
For which I forewent, yes, that's a real word,
one million dollars.
I supported you, Richard. I bet on you.
And now you're just gonna give me a seat on the board,
only to retract that offer?!
I can't even remember doing that!
Oh, really? Well, do you remember
this particular dick-bag I got on video?
Because you did.
Put it away.
It's right here.
Goddammit.
I've seen the video.
It's the wrong album, just give me a sec...
You know what? Fuck it! You offering me a position
on this board and reneging it
is a perfect example of you having no vision,
no balls and no game.
Maybe he did blow him.
Well, love and hate... it's all passion.
And if that's the kind of company you wanna run,
well, then, fine.
God help you. 'Cause I sure as hell ain't.
Uh, what are you doing?
You give your loyalty to somebody...
- Let me help you. - Don't touch!
- I can do it myself. - All right.
I just put it back on. Goddammit!
OK. Read that back to me.
"Pied Piper's mission is
to bring its unique compression algorithm
- to a variety..." - One thing you should know
about living in this house
is I do not tolerate substance abuse.
There's no drinking and lying in this house.
I should have made that
more clear to some of the current residents.
Like this one. Don't mind him.
He'll be gone soon when his company cakes its pants.
Hopefully, Jurgen, you'll be
able to bring a more positive element to the house.
Let me show you the room I'm offering.
Some of his stuff is still in there,
but, as I mentioned, it will soon be gone.
Once his company cakes its pants.
It's OK. Just take a breath.
It's fine. I'm fine. Uh, we just...
Let's get through this. OK, so, read this back to me.
- "Pied Piper's mission..." - Hey, guys.
Hope you don't mind, the front door was just open.
Hi, Big Head. What's up?
Honestly? Nothing. I've just been sitting around all day.
Not working. It's weird, you know?
So, what's up with you guys?
We're just sort of...
We're getting ready for this big Peter Gregory meeting.
And we have... we have a lot of work to do, so...
Cool. Very cool.
You know, Richard, the irony
is that if you had taken the ten million,
you'd be kicking back with a ton of money right now
and I'd still be working.
But you didn't, obviously. And now I've got nothing to do,
I'm rolling in it, and you're working your ass off.
Life's funny isn't it?
You guys want to walk to Arby's,
maybe grab a bite, play a little hacky sack?
Yeah. I should probably get back to work, anyway.
I mean, not work, exactly, I don't...
I don't work. But, you know, just get back to Hooli.
Sit around all day and get paid a bunch of money to do nothing.
Weird.
You ready?
You know what you're going to say? You want to run it by me?
No, no. I got this. Fuck Erlich.
You know, I turned down ten million dollars to build this thing.
You want vision, I will show you fucking vision.
I like this new angry side to you.
Being around angry people relaxes me,
because I know where I stand.
Oh, shoot. I think I got something stuck in my teeth.
I'm just gonna go to the bathroom, check it out.
I'll be back in a sec.
Richard, it's Jared. Are you OK?
Hey buddy, what's... what's going on here?
I thought I had something in my teeth,
but when I looked over, right? I looked in the mirror like this,
uh, my pants they hit the countertop,
and it must have some water on there, right?
so I got a spot on my pants,
kinda looked like I pissed myself like a big baby.
So what I did was, I just took off all my pants
and I put it in the water just to make it all completely wet.
You know, that way I figured no one would really notice.
So, you know, it wouldn't be as bad. I've got it under control.
I've sorted it out. We're good.
Yes. So you felt this wouldn't look as bad.
- Understood. - Yeah.
But, Richard?
Consider that maybe this
might not be the best choice for the meeting?
Yeah. Holy...
What the fuck am I doing?
I can't go like this to the meeting.
Jared. I have no vision.
Yes, you do.
- I believe in you... - No, no, I literally have no vision.
All I see is stars and swirls. I cannot see right now.
OK, let's get your pants on.
Jared? Richard? Are you in there?
Hey, there's some weather over the ocean
so Peter would love to get started. Are you guys ready?
Yep. All good. Be there in a jiffy.
OK.
Jared, I'm on a carpet in a bathroom.
Yeah, OK. Um, I know this isn't the best thing to say
to someone having a panic attack,
but we need to hurry here.
- Doing OK? - Yes, much better.
Nope. Worse.
Richard, you're gonna listen to me
if you know what's good for you.
- Erlich. - I may have been wrong about being a board member
and I may be wrong about
being the Steve Jobs in our relationship.
But I do know this, you are the Steve Wozniak.
And no Woz should go into a meeting like that alone.
- No. Actually... - So if
you'll just let me come in, then I won't speak.
And I just think you should have somebody in there
who will actually have your back.
OK. No, I... Erlich, I want you to be in there.
OK... Wait, what?
Yes, and I need you to do all the talking.
Because I feel like if I
do I'm gonna puke all over Peter Gregory.
Oh, OK. Wow.
That was easier than I... All the talking?
Oh, Erlich, you're here too?
OK. Come on in, guys.
Um, I'm going to stay here, I think.
Because I look absurd.
Yeah. Yeah, OK.
- So what are you going to say? - Fuck, I don't know.
Today's user wants access to all of their files
from all their devices instantly.
That's why cloud-based is the Holy Grail.
Now Dropbox is winning,
but when it comes to audio and video files,
they might as well be called Dripbox.
Using our platform, Pied Piper users
would be able to compress all their files
to the point where they truly can access them instantly.
We control the pipe,
they just use it.
That's the vision in Richard Hendricks' head.
Sure.
Sounds fine.
Oh, I received an email from Ron LaFlamme
saying that this gentleman
is going to be our third board member?
Yes. Yes.
Uh, Erlich helped me with all this stuff. He's very talented.
I need him as a partner.
Fine.
It's OK for you to leave now.
All right, OK.
Wait, is that you and Gavin Belson?
Yes. It's an old photograph.
Were you guys friends?
I thought so.
Good-bye.
How'd it go?
That was amazing. I mean,
that was like everything in my head but, like, clear.
Did you just make that up on the spot?
Yeah. We should probably write some of it down.
Yeah. Well, look. I gotta be honest,
I mean, I can't tell you how much this means.
You really saved my ass even after I was such a dick to you.
- You're making up! - What else could I do, Richard?
You're my Wozniak.
And I will always be...
Motherfu...
It's a fucking sketchy neighborhood, man.
You see that guy? That's Chuy Ramirez.
And he's gonna do our new LOGO.
That's the artist you were talking about?
You said he had paintings in galleries.
His works hang in the gallery of the streets.
- I'll be back in a flash. - Whoa, no. What?
Ok.
Man, we're just going to sit here like this?
Oh, shit. Look at this guy.
He's a scary individual.
Hey, buddy. Do you have any drugs?
Please, let it up. Let it up.
If you don't let it go, I can't roll it up.
Just... please... Just, you...
Fucking prick!
I'm gonna beat you in your face!
Chuy Ramirez? Erlich Bachman.
- We spoke on the phone? - What's up, man?
- Pleasure to meet you. - All right.
This is great. Look at this.
This is what we need, you know what I mean?
Something raw.
We already have kind of a shitty name, Pied Piper,
but the last thing we want is two lowercase P's in a square
like those motherfuckers across the freeway would make.
This is what we want.
So you gonna give me stock options, or what?
- What? - Yeah. You know Dave Choe?
He did the murals over at FaceBook.
He got a stock option deal,
ended up making like a hundred million dollars.
I want a deal like that.
You know, I don't really speak all that Wall Street bullshit.
You know what I'm saying?
We're just like five guys hanging out in a house,
trying to make cool shit.
Well, you told me you own ten percent of it,
so you must know something about it, right?
You could just give me some of your points.
Hey, I'm not an accountant, you know?
I don't even know what that means,
a lot of those words.
You fucking prick!
Oh, you fucker.
Let me in. Please, please...
I'll break this. I don't care. I don't care.
- I'll break this... - I can't hear you.
Oh God. I can't hear you.
Yeah, but you don't want stock in our company.
If I could go back in time, I wouldn't have taken the stock.
I would've taken cash only. I'm telling you...
Who's that dude?
Uh, nobody. He's a coder.
You got a Latino working for you?
That's cool, yo. Not a lot of Latinos working in tech.
Yeah. Yeah, he's Latino.
Yeah, and he's one of the best coders we have.
Kind of adds a Latin flair to the company.
I told you, we do things differently.
Yeah. You know what?
I could do a cash deal for a Latino company.
I think we should get out of here, though,
because I just painted over some dude's shit
and people get shot behind that.
So I'll catch you on the flip. Peace!
Uh, OK. Peace, Chuy.
Oh, God. This is...
This is very real!
Hey, Dinesh! Get in the fucking car.
- There may be a drive-by about to happen. - What?
You promised this guy ten thousand dollars
without any approval?
- Are you high? - A little bit, yeah.
But that's irrelevant.
A cool company needs a cool LOGO.
You think those guys over at Nucleus are hiring
a convicted felon to paint a mural on their garage?
For ten thousand dollars? No.
Look, I took a run at a burn-down chart.
Jesus fucking Christ.
It's not pretty.
The way things are going,
we're not gonna finish for five months,
and even with everyone on reduced salaries,
we'll exhaust all our funding in four.
And that's without wasting ten thousand dollars on artwork.
"Wasting"? I got a great deal.
You know he wanted stock options until he saw Dinesh?
Hold on, what?
Don't be offended,
but for some weird reason, Chuy took a look at you
and thought you were... a Mexican.
Why would I be offended by that?
What?
Why would I be offended by him thinking I'm Mexican?
He's Mexican, right?
Yeah, he is, but you're not.
You're Pakistani.
So? Actually,
the very fact that you think this would be offensive to me
is offensive.
You're the one being racist.
No. I'm not the one who called you a Mexican.
"Called me a Mexican"? You're doing it again.
I'm bending over backwards to not be racist right now.
All right. Well, what did he say
when you told him I wasn't Mexican?
- I didn't. - And why not?
Because I wanted him to paint our garage for cheap.
I... I genuinely don't know how to respond to that.
You know, I'm not gonna take the bait here.
I am not a racist, all right?
I watch a lot of black porn. I mean, a lot.
One question:
in this porn, is the man black,
or the woman black, or are they both?
Is one of those racist, and the others aren't?
I'll hack his browser history.
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Yep.
Hold on. That's unnecessary.
Hold on.
Richard?
Can you explain this to me?
What?
I just got a text from my friend at TechCrunch.
Pied Piper just got into this year's Start-Up Battlefield?
Oh, really? Oh, that's so cool.
No. No, it isn't.
We're already seeded, Richard.
Why would we enter a start-up competition at a tech conference?
I sent in the application a few months ago
and I totally forgot about it.
Relax, I will withdraw.
Relax? This house is chaos.
I gave up a great job and stock options
at Hooli to come here
because I thought Pied Piper could be viable,
but it never will be unless we make some changes.
We need to operate like a business
or we're not going to...
Richard? Richard?
Thanks for coming in, Nelson.
Mr. Belson is very excited to meet with you.
I thought he was in Jackson Hole this week.
Yes, he is. We're going to call him up on the TeleHuman.
It's amazing. It's holographic
3D teleconferencing technology that we've acquired.
It's going to feel as if Gavin is right here
in the room with you.
Oh, it's him!
It's him!
Hello, Nelson. Thanks for meeting with me.
Whoa. Hi. That's cool.
Am I a hologram over there too?
What? No, of course not.
Question: do you still talk to Richard Hendricks?
Uh, yeah. I mean, not about Nucleus or anything...
Why would he enter Pied Piper
in TechCrunch Disrupt?
I know a lot of big players have come out of it,
Dropbox, Yammer, what have you.
But Peter Gregory's already funding him.
Why would he let Richard do this? It makes no sense.
I don't know. I didn't even know Richard got in.
Is Peter Gregory toying with me?
Is he trying to make Richard seem folksy?
Like some aw-shucks boy-genius
entering an everyman's competition?
Mr. Bel... Mr. Belson?
- Can you hear me? - Hello?
- Can you hear me? - Yeah, it's just...
- It's sort of fading. - Hel-l-l-lo?
- Hello. - Hello-ooo.
I'm hearing you, it's just the image is...
Nelson, shut up for a second.
If you can hear me, make a gesture.
Is that... do you...
I hear you. Is this...
I have no idea what you're saying, Nelson.
Nelson. Nelson.
Can you help me, please?
OK, I think what happened was when you set it up,
- you forgot to... - I didn't set it up.
I paid one of you people to set it up. Just fix it.
OK.
Here's the thing, it's not working.
Um, the audio's still working. You could just use that.
"The audio is working"? Excuse me?!
I paid twenty million fucking dollars to acquire this company!
Fuck you, the audio is working!
Audio worked a hundred fucking years ago!
You fucking piece of shit-t-t-t...
- It appears we've lost him. - Yeah.
- Why don't we just Hooli-Chat instead? - Yeah.
That's better.
Sorry. The TeleHuman is a great piece of technology.
Unfortunately, the broadband
isn't that great out here in rural Wyoming.
That presents a great business opportu...
Nelson, make a gesture... ...hear me.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Uh... I think you forgot to update your software.
God dammit. Fu...!
Hello. Oh, hi, Gavin.
What's that? I'm sorry,
you're kind of breaking up there.
He... Hello? Hello?
OK, let's start the meeting.
I think we need to define our corporate culture.
Our whole corporate culture is that we don't have
a corporate culture.
That is totally ridiculous, Gilfoyle.
The main reason dogs are perceived to have
a more keen sense of smell
is because their noses are closer to the ground.
Therefore, with a little practice,
I could easily have as keen a sense of smell as a dog's.
Guys? I guess you didn't see the sign.
We're actually having a meeting here.
Congratulations.
It's sort of for management only.
Are you fucking serious right now?
Are you really kicking us out?
Well, I thought, maybe you guys could just
take your food into the living room?
So you want to have a meeting in the room where all the food is,
while we eat our food in the room where all of the computers are?
Guys, just five minutes. Please?
OK, you see? This... this is a case in point.
This is a company,
and yet we have no boundaries and no protocol.
We need to establish a clear corporate culture
or we're not gonna make it.
Take Dinesh and Gilfoyle.
They are wasting an enormous amount of time arguing.
What if we were to separate them, right?
Divide their existing work space into two areas.
We could put in some kind of portable barrier...
He's talking about cubicles!
We are not doing cubicles. No way!
No, no, no. Don't think of it as a cubicle.
Just think of it as a neutral-colored enclosure,
about yay-high, around your workspace.
OK, fine. But do you know who uses cubicles?
Every single Fortune 500 company.
Why? Because they work.
He's trying to turn us into corporate rock, Richard.
- No. - We are punk rock.
Actually, you know, I think a better analogy would be jazz.
Like we riff and improvise around a central theme
to create one cohesive piece of music...
Don't you think that's better?
No, no. They teach fucking jazz at Juilliard.
We're not jazz. We're fucking punk rock.
You see? You see, you guys are arguing over
what metaphor to use to agree with each other.
This is the inefficiency I'm trying to eliminate.
My suggestions could actually help you beat me in this argument.
Do you see the irony there?
I... I can't argue with this.
Yo, Erlich!
Uh, Chuy's here.
No. And this, this... this is the craziest one of all.
I mean, we're really about to spend ten thousand dollars
on-on-on a LOGO we could generate in-house for free?
It's madness. You want a LOGO?
Here, just...
There. I just saved this company ten thousand dollars.
Are you fucking serious? Lowercase letters?
Twitter,  lowercase "t." Google, lowercase "g."
Facebook lowercase "f".
Every fucking company in the Valley has lowercase letters.
Why? Because it's safe.
But we aren't going to do that.
We're gonna go with Chuy.
Unless any of you gringos wants to go out there
and tell a guy with three assault convictions
that we're not gonna give him the money we promised him.
Hm? That's what I thought.
I mean... God.
Are you still enjoying your asparagus, sir?
I was never enjoying it.
I only eat it for the nutrients.
You may take it.
Oh, shit.
Peter, I don't want to upset you,
but Gavin Belson just walked in.
Does he see us?
I don't know. He must know that you're here.
If I scurry to the restroom, do you imagine he would...
Peter!
I didn't know you came here.
Gavin. Hello.
Nice to see you.
And you, as well.
How are you?
Well.
And you?
Not bad.
I just got back from Jackson Hole.
Have you been?
I have not.
But I hear good things.
You look well. Are you exercising?
I have begun to do Pilates.
Well... I hear that's good.
I like it.
Yes.
Well, I didn't mean to interrupt.
Nice to see you, Peter.
- Goodbye now. - OK.
You know, I almost forgot.
I saw that Pied Piper
is in the Start-Up Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt.
It inspired me to call TechCrunch
and offer to be their keynote speaker.
They were quite accommodating.
Especially when I said that I'd make the event
the grand unveiling of Nucleus.
So, I will see you all at the conference.
This is displeasing.
I have never seen him so incensed.
What the hell were you thinking, Richard?
How could you not tell us
you entered TechCrunch Disrupt?
I applied before I even met you guys.
I wasn't gonna say anything because I was gonna withdraw.
- No, you're not. - I'm not? Why not?
Because of you, Gavin Belson
is debuting Nucleus at TCD.
If you pull out, it looks like Peter is running away from Gavin.
So like it or not, you are presenting a live demo
in front of the world in eight weeks.
A live demo of what?
I entered TCD with an early build of Pied Piper,
when it was still just a music app.
No. Sorry. Executive decision: we are not doing TechCrunch.
OK. So let me just tell you what's gonna happen:
Peter will pull all of his support
and pass on any further funding,
which, as you know, is the most flaming signaling risk on earth.
You'll burn through the rest of your runway,
no one will step in, then you'll go bust.
I don't get it.
Doesn't Peter Gregory want what's best for the company?
Look. I'm going to be straight with you.
Peter Gregory doesn't care.
- About...? - You.
Wait. Just him or both of us?
Any of you. Pied Piper.
Ok...
Uh, well, then why did he back us?
Does he just want to piss off Gavin Belson?
He spent two hundred thousand
- dollars just to... - Yeah, that's nothing!
Peter would spend millions just to mildly annoy Gavin.
These are billionaires, Richard.
Humiliating each other is worth more to them
than we'll make in a lifetime.
I see.
And you conveniently forgot to mention any of this
when you were convincing me
to turn down ten million dollars?
And now I'm in the middle of some pissing contest
between two billionaires.
In fairness,
Gavin only offered you the ten million dollars
because we started pursuing you...
But he offered it to me, Monica!
He offered it to me.
Ten million dollars and I didn't take it.
Because you came to me when I was puking and freaking out
and told me that Peter Gregory believed in me,
when in reality, he didn't even give a flying fuck!
- Richard... - Oh, my God.
I didn't turn down ten million dollars
because of Peter Gregory, Monica!
I turned it down because of you!
However angry he is,
I am one-tenth as angry.
Because one of the ten million would've been mine.
- Because I... I own ten percent. - I know.
- Of Pied Piper... - I know!
It's push.
We didn't think we were going to get this thing done
when we had five months to do it. Now we have two?
Granted, it's not ideal, but we're just gonna have to...
What the good fuck?
What is happening? Is that Dinesh?
Is that the Statue of Liberty?
And it's... There's penetration.
Hey, neighbor.
Ashley's getting big!
She looks... What do we do?
I don't know. Paint over it.
No, no, no. You can't paint over it.
It's like the code of the streets.
People get shot behind that.
- Oh, good. - Hey. So what do you guys think, man?
I think Erlich had a few thoughts.
So, I gotta... I'll let you...
Here's the headline:
there's a lot right with it.
A lot of good stuff in there.
But I just...
Do you think the piece is working?
I mean... Maybe it's a bit too graphic for the space?
No way. Look at it.
It comments on the Latino struggle for justice in America.
But even without all the symbolism,
it's just aesthetically pleasing.
Yeah.
All right, here's the real shit, Chuy.
Uh, you know, our prize coder,
he's actually not... Latino.
What?
Yeah. Point of fact is, he's Pakistani.
Homes, you lied to me.
No, no, no. You thought he was Latino,
and I thought I would be racist telling you, you were wrong.
Come on, man. Why would you think that?
Thinking that, now that's racist.
God, I can't win... with that.
Look, Chuy, painting a guy named Dinesh Chugtai
as an Aztec warrior just doesn't make sense.
Yeah. You know what?
I think you might be right, boss.
Great. That's...
so... perfect. So change that
and then don't have him be fucking
the literal symbol of freedom.
And then, whatever else you wanna do.
- All right. - All right.
If I had known, we could have
withdrawn your application before any of this happened.
This is exactly why we
need to have clearer lines of communication.
I know, Jared, I know.
Listen, I'd like to institute
an organizational system called "Scrum."
Scrum is designed to...
All right, you have one hour! Go!
No.
No. Just musty.
Uhh, what's going on?
Gilfoyle bet me a hundred bucks
that if I touched one object in this room,
he could find it just by sniffing.
OK. Not now, please.
It has to be now. I just masturbated to heighten my focus.
I have a fifteen-minute refractory period.
Uhh, well, we have a lot of work to get done
- so maybe we should do that instead, please. - Dude, relax, OK?
We each ripped through a full module this morning.
We're just taking a little break.
DRM is now a thing of beauty.
Wait. You did DRM?
- Yeah. - I did DRM.
Why did you do DRM? I said I would do DRM,
you would do error handling.
Anything to do with "error" sounds like your whole vibe.
Yeah, I handle errors like you every day.
Scrum?
- Yes, scrum. - Scrum.
So from "Rules based filtering" we got to "Workflow,"
at which point that card is moved from the "Icebox"
into the "In progress" column and it stays there
until it is ready for "Testing."
OK. This increases visibility into our team's progress.
And that, gentlemen, is scrum.
Welcome to the next eight weeks of our lives.
This just became a job.
OK, so here are the cards
I'm adding under this epic for the ingestion engine.
And there are three stories here.
How long do we think each one will take?
I don't know. Who cares? Four hours apiece?
Yeah. Maybe for you.
Each of those tasks would take me three max.
Not "Tasks," "Stories."
I've got a story, why don't you choke on my balls?
Well, how about this?
Why don't you each take one story, right...
...and we'll see who's right?
You see what he's doing, right?
He's trying to get us to compete so we work faster.
He thinks this wall of Psych 101,
MBA mind-control bullshit
is going to motivate us?
Fine. Don't compete.
Do them at whatever speed you like.
Uh, Jared.
I know these guys.
I really don't think scrum is gonna work for them.
Just trust in the system.
So we're just going to work at a nice, leisurely pace, right?
Sure.
Wait, why are you typing faster?
I'm not.
Maybe my leisurely pace is just a little faster than yours.
Cock-sucker.
Guys? Have you been out front yet?
'Cause you might wanna come see this.
- I'm good. - Fuck off, we're working.
Wow. This took a lot of work.
I mean, I'm already smiling.
Did he really have to paint me giving the thumbs-up?
It's gratuitous.
Really? That's the gratuitous part?
Well, and Dinesh's shaft...
Oh, no. Oh shit.
Are one of you the homeowner?
Yeah. I am.
We've had a number of complaints about your artwork here.
Look, what you do inside the house is your own business...
- Oh, no. We don't... We don't do that. - Oh, no!
But that is you, is it not? The individual on the right?
Yeah.
You're gonna need to paint over this.
Oh, I don't think the artist would like that, he's Latino.
- Was that racist? - Why are you asking me?
Oh. I mean, I could've asked anybody, but your... race...
It doesn't matter. I have a solution.
We put it up.
We don't put it down. Leave it up.
No, no, no. No, no, no! Close it!
No...
Look at this... left from the previous tenant.
Unbelievable. I can't believe
I didn't enter the garage until this point.
I mean, is that marijuanas?
We're gonna need to take those.
Or, we leave them and wait to see
if the criminal returns to the scene of the crime.
What do you say, please?
OK. So I keep the mural, and I keep the ten G's.
What do you get?
I just thought when I got a new garage door,
maybe you could come and paint a new LOGO.
Something just as artistic,
but maybe a little less challenging?
Hey! Don't look under there. Get away from there!
That's not me.
Um, just to be honest with you, like,
I really, really, really need this.
So... I'm trying to be vulnerable in front of you.
I don't know. Is this a safe place?
Look, you can be vulnerable, es?
But this ain't a safe place.
A plumber got stabbed just last week,
right where you're standing.
What?! Jesus Christ!
What... Why would you stab a plumber?
All right. It was worth a try.
Thanks anyway, Chuy.
Wait. Just go ahead and leave the mural.
I like looking at it.
And plus, I think I know
what kind of LOGO you white boys might like.
Uh, that's amazing. Thank you, Chuy!
- Uh, yeah. Appreciate it. - All right, man.
- Yes, one of those too. - All right.
- Another one down. - Did you really?
You still working on that last one?
Take your time. There's no rush, Dinesh.
Feeling pretty happy about yourself?
I'm pretty happy with ourself.
Hello?
Hey, is... is Richard here?
I don't know.
Come to check up on your investment?
Listen, you were right.
I played you a little.
Maybe a lot.
I got caught up in making the deal.
All right? And I would like to say I was just doing my job,
but that's the excuse that the Nazis used,
so I'm not really sure how effective that one is.
Your point being?
I'm sorry.
But I'm also not sorry.
The reason I pushed Peter to seed you is,
I think you have an unbelievably good platform.
Way better than the rest of his other compression plays,
which I apologize for not telling you about.
Look, I know eight weeks isn't a lot of time
to get this ready,
but I get the feeling you're the kind of guy that does better
when there's a fire lit under his ass.
It's a pretty big fire.
It is.
And by the way,
you're the only one of Peter's companies
that I've invested ten percent of my annual salary in.
So I really hope that you can do this.
Uh, well, you know,
I guess we'll find out.
I saw the LOGO out front.
I didn't know it was...
Cool. Guys, the new LOGO!
- Can we please both go? - You go first.
I love it.
Well, it's lowercase,
but at least it isn't racist.
Is it?
It's Chuy Ramirez? I'm impressed.
He sold a mural today for a half-million bucks.
It wasn't on a garage door, was it?
You don't think it's too incendiary for the offices?
Gavin, you got where you are by challenging sensibilities.
You know me well.
It is pretty raunchy, though.
Kidney function, liver function,
testosterone... I don't know how you did it,
but you have essentially aged 40 years in the last seven weeks.
Wow. Really?
We had a meth addict in here this morning
who was biologically younger than you are, and he's 58.
MySpace guy.
So what is going on?
It's this cloud service configuration,
I've been stuck on it for over a week.
I'm a good programmer.
I mean, it's the only thing I am good at.
I mean, last year, I threw a Frisbee and it chipped my tooth.
That's more of a dental issue.
Yup, OK, I...
The point is, I learned
Ruby on Rails over a weekend when I was 17.
I should be able to learn cloud, I have to.
Can I give you my professional opinion, as your doctor?
You should have taken that ten million dollars from Gavin Belson,
OK?
But regrets will kill ya
so try not to dwell on it.
I tried to tell you.
Outside help? No, we're not getting any outside help.
It's a week until TechCrunch,
Richard. We can't wait any longer.
Richard, look at the board.
OK, cloud architecture is
just a giant turd that is clogging up our pipes.
We have to call in a plumber to fix it.
OK, I hate that metaphor, but Erlich is right.
Gilfoyle and I finished
the distribution services days ago
and we're just sitting around waiting for you.
I can solve it.
Richard, you're a fucking rock star, OK?
You just don't know cloud,
this tiny, little, shitty area,
which is becoming super important,
and in many ways is the future of computing.
That sort of went south on me,
but you understand what I'm saying.
I've already talked to
Peter Gregory about insourcing a consultant.
I've made contact with a programmer
whose cloud architecture
is supposed to be insane. They call him The Carver.
The Carver? That Black Hat guy
who apparently hacked into the Bank of America
and took down their entire system, that The Carver?
We should get him if we can.
OK, we can talk to the guy,
but, I mean, he's really gonna have to sell me.
Six months ago, these guys had 35 million
and Series B Financing.
Now The Carver's here doing teardown.
He's basically moving their carcass to the cloud.
Don't touch anything. Failure is contagious.
I think that's him.
Excuse me, Mr. Carver?
Yeah, uh, people refer to me as The Carver,
but no one actually calls me that,
it's what people call a screen name.
You know.
I'm Kevin.
OK, Kevin, um, we're from Pied Piper,
we spoke earlier.
Yeah, so you guys are fucked, huh?
No. No, we're not fucked.
Yes, we are totally fucked.
We have a live demo in one week
and our cloud is in the shitter.
- That's accurate. - Wait, are you Richard?
Yes, I am.
Yeah, your algorithm is solid. It's a really good schema.
OK, thanks.
I did think you'd be younger. What are you, 25?
Twenty-six.
Yikes.
Uh, so I have a model U.N. thing on Monday,
but maybe I could burn through your gig over the weekend.
You think you can do our whole job in two days?
I know I can do it in two days.
I pound Mello Yello,
Oreos and Adderall and I don't sleep until I'm done.
Ok.
But you know what? I also have an offer to do some migration
at Gittawonk this weekend.
It's... it's kind of chill,
and frankly, their tech's a little stronger.
Whoa. What? What?
You think Gittawonk's tech is stronger than ours?
I'm sorry, I don't remember reading in PandoDaily
that Gavin Belson and Peter Gregory
were fighting over Gittawonk.
No one offered ten million dollars to acquire Gittawonk.
Yeah, I agree with Richard,
you should come work for us.
- What... - What's it gonna take, a blow-job?
Because Richard will suck the dick right off of your pelvis.
Now you make me laugh, shaggy man.
All right, I'm in.
I'll see you guys Friday.
Ok.
- Well done. - Yeah.
Excuse me. Hi, um,
would you guys be interested in buying some candy
so you can send my church group to camp?
Nope.
Erlich, come on.
Hundred bucks says there's no church.
Whole thing's a scam, little scumbags.
They're just children.
Looks like Gilfoyle and his lady Satanist
are back from the airport.
Can you imagine what kind of shit-show this one's gonna be?
He says that she has an Amy Winehouse vibe.
What does that mean?
All tatted-up and nowhere to go?
Hooked on OxyContin?
Decomposing?
Oh. Oh, OK, that was dark.
Gentlemen, this is Tara.
- Hi. - Tara, this is the fellas:
Jared, Dinesh, Erlich and Richard.
- It's Erlich. - It's great to finally meet you guys.
All right.
Jesus, where did he get Amy Winehouse from?
I mean, I'd have sex with that
if you hose the Gilfoyle off of her.
It's weird having a girl in the house.
There's a very strange energy.
Hello... Kevin.
OK, Richard,
I just need you to approve Kevin's fee.
I got Erlich to sign and you sign right there.
Twenty thousand dollars for two days.
You know who else thought my price was too high?
Bitraptor.
Who?
Exactly.
Great. Peter Gregory is on his way out of town
so I'm gonna hustle out there
and get him to co-sign these and the check
and I'll be back as soon as I can.
Thank you.
You OK over there? You have any questions...?
Yeah, one question.
Cool. Shoot.
Why do you keep your lips
pressed so tight together when you're not talking?
'Cause they're like white.
It looks uncomfortable.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Kevin, um,
so how did you bypass Bank of America's network security?
I want details.
My lawyers told me I'm not allowed to discuss it.
Totally get it. That's baller.
Hey, babe?
You're up.
All right, I'm gonna go have a shower.
Uh, what was that?
What?
Tara just whispered something to you
and then she looked at me in a weird way.
No, she didn't.
Yeah, she did.
What's up?
Do you know what compersion is?
It's when someone takes pleasure
in seeing their loved one gratified
by another person.
Sexually.
It's the opposite of jealousy.
It sounds like it's the opposite of normal.
Why are you telling me about this thing?
As shocking as this is...
Tara is attracted to you.
Come again?
Yeah, freaked me out too, at first.
I don't like the "At first" part at all.
What are you saying?
Since I abide by the maxim,
"Do what thou wilt, that is the whole of the law"...
if you want to fuck my girlfriend, I'm OK with it.
Jesus Christ, man,
I could barely stand next to you when you're in your towel.
I don't want to have a threesome with you.
I'm not talking about a threesome.
Listen, I don't even have to be in the room,
unless that's better for you.
OK, no, I don't...
Right, so we're all settled then.
- Yep. - Do you need parking validation?
No, I used Lyft.
So I'll Lyft it back.
Why don't I have Peter's car take you home.
He's not using it,
we're shipping off to Arallon tomorrow.
- Arallon? - Yeah, the island Peter's building.
What's the... the red line?
That's the International Date Line.
The island's built right on it
so the western half can celebrate the first new years on Earth,
then the next day, they walk over to the eastern half
and celebrate the last new years on Earth.
But if you can walk,
why does he need the car on the island?
Peter's not really big on walking.
So I'll just have the guys pull it up front for you.
Great.
Driverless car.
Select destination.
Hi. Um... I'm going to 5230
Newell Road, Palo Alto...
Route guidance calibrated. Distance to destination:
four point six miles. Buckle up, please.
Ok.
Enjoy your ride.
You?
Tara wants to have sex with you?
You sure?
Yeah, Gilfoyle just told me,
to my face.
He told you that Tara wants to copulate with
someone else in the house
other than him and that someone is you, Dinesh?
Yeah, that's...
You know, you seem confused
by this but for a different reason than I am.
Don't you think it's weird that Tara wants some strange
and she chooses you over me,
the logical person in the house?
OK, I see where we are ending up on this.
Thank you for your time.
Wait, are you sure that she didn't ask Gilfoyle
for a Danish and maybe you misheard her?
You're probably right, she just wanted to fuck a Danish.
Wait, you just built all the indexes on the fly?
Yeah, of course.
OK, well... well, then what's that?
The key-value store.
Tuples.
Speak English.
You're kind of doing that lip thing again there, buddy.
No, I'm not.
Stop looking at my lips.
Destination override. New destination.
One Gregory Drive. Arallon.
Distance to destination: 4,126 miles.
Enjoy your ride.
Um, what's happening?
I'm sorry, what... Mr. Car?
Hey. Tara and I are going to a Satanic baptism.
You wanna come?
Stu Burns decided to walk the Left-Hand path with us.
The database administrator for Yahoo is becoming a Satanist?
We're everywhere.
Hey, Erlich, are you coming? Dinesh is.
He is?
This is Monica.
Hi Monica, it's Jared. Uh, quick question...
Jared, I can't talk right now.
One of our assistants has been confusing the eastern,
western time zones of Arallon on work orders.
Now a bunch of important things are happening a day early.
Peter is going to be furious when he finds out.
He's going to make that noise.
Oh, shit, that's him on the other line, I gotta go.
Wait, Monica, I just...
Hi, Peter.
Hello, Monica?
Um, car? Mr. Car?
Uh, excuse me.
Arallon is an island, so how are we...?
Oh, no, no! No.
Stop. Let me out.
That's not good.
Oh, no! No!
Excuse me please!
Please honk. Please honk.
No, no, no, no. No, no, no.
No, no. Please. Please.
Oh, no, that's not good.
OK, Donald, stay calm.
103 hours to destination. Entering sleep mode.
- What? No! - Enjoy your ride.
OK, stay calm. Stay calm.
Wait, my phone.
No bars. No bars. No bars. No bars.
We bring thy garden, o mighty Lucifer,
the fragrances which abound therein, vapors of...
What the fuck are we doing here?
Look at these fucking people.
Through this, the black flame of Satan thou walkest in Hell.
The gates are flung wide
and thy passage is heralded by the deathless cries
of his guardian beasts.
Breathe of his breath, o brother of the night
and nourish his waning brain.
From the despair...
I just figured it out. It all makes sense.
Figured what out?
Why Tara might be in to you more than me.
She's attracted to ugliness.
- Oh, fuck you. - No, think about it.
This is the life that she chooses,right?
She's attracted to unattractiveness.
Look at all these ugly people
and Gilfoyle and now you.
That's ridiculous. I'm way more attractive than you are.
- No, you're not. - Way better looking.
By no metric
could you possibly be considered more attractive than me.
You're saying that every woman in the entire world
would think you're more attractive than I am?
Yes. Unless they're completely fucked up.
Damn it.
You doing OK there?
Yep, yeah.
Fine, just, you know,
it's big orchestration stuff, a lot of moving parts.
Nothing you need to worry about. You just focus on the cloud.
I'm here if you need me.
You know what? Uh...
I know it's not what we hired you for,
but I am actually having a little trouble
with the data replication in the persistence layer.
Move over.
Oh, Christ.
I'm much more handsome than you are.
No, my face is completely symmetrical.
You know what my nickname was when I was a kid?
- What? - Pakistani Denzel.
You look nothing like him.
Denzel Washington has a beautiful smile.
You look ridiculous.
Hail Satan, it is done.
- Hail Satan. - Hail Satan, it is...
it's done.
Well, thanks for coming, everyone.
Brother Jason was kind enough to furnish this week's food.
It's Chick-fil-A.
I know, they're on the Christian right,
but darned if that chicken isn't good.
I think the Dark Lord would understand.
Also... a reminder.
If you parked in the Sav-On parking lot,
they do tow.
Well, I didn't know if you wanted original Oreos or Double Stuf
so I went a little nutty and I got both.
How's it, um...
- Fuck. Fuck. - Kevin?
Hello?
Fuck.
What are you doing down here?
I did it again, I did it again.
- Did what? - I did it again.
No.
What is this?
Did you overwrite the data schema?
Why would you do this? You don't ever do this!
That's exactly what they said when I was working at BofA.
Working at BofA? I thought you hacked in.
No.
I was a consultant at the Retail Banking Services.
I crashed their entire system.
It took a team of seven engineers more than a week
to comb through all the code and find my mistake.
And the only way that I ever avoided being sued
was by agreeing to never tell anyone that I worked there.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck, what?!
I just told you. Now I could get in trouble.
Trouble?
You just skull-fucked my whole system.
I am going to punch you in the fucking...
We don't like sacrifice goats or anything.
We're not like the Order of the Golden Dawners, you know.
Yeah.
Richard, are you OK?
Dinesh, uh, we may have a slight problem.
The Carver just carved up our entire platform.
What the fuck?
Yeah, the database layers, the application layers,
even the chef scripts are fucked.
The little fucker must have
hacked into the DDL tables
like he did with BofA.
He didn't hack into BofA's.
He was consulting there at the time,
when he took down the system by accident.
- Oh, you told them too? - What the fuck?
Richard, why would you
let that little fetus access the DDL?
Because I thought that fetus was better than me
and so did you and everybody
and you just, you pressured me into hiring him...
Yes, Richard, for the cloud,
to deploy the cloud.
So that you could do what you do best
and concentrate on everything else
which the fetus just fucked up.
You need to drag this little shit stain...
You hear that?
Out from under this table and have him go through
every single line of code with you
to unfuck it while it's still unfuckable.
I should not have eaten all of that Satanist chicken.
OK, and with this one here, did you delete it
or just move it?
Hello? Kevin.
Maybe. I don't know.
What? What does that mean?
What's wrong with you, man?
I can't focus. I'm out of Adderall.
Where's that Jared guy? He was getting my refill.
That's actually a really good question.
I don't know where he is.
The Carver's Adderall prescription.
I hope that's not a problem.
Dead battery. That's a problem.
I need to lay down.
What? No!
You said you could code for 48 hours straight.
That's like your thing.
Yeah, how the fuck do you think I do that? Adderall.
Well, we don't have any.
It's really bright in here.
Who takes Adderall anymore?
Half the kids in Palo Alto.
Any of you guys currently on Adderall
and, uh, you know, want to make 50 dollars?
{\an8}HIGH
Oh, boy.
What do you mean, it's not Adderall?
It's Adderall!
I know what Adderall looks like. It's not Adderall.
Uh, excuse me. Caleb?
There's been some kind of mistake.
What you sold me was not actually Adderall.
So maybe we could...
Do you think you could get me some real Adderall?
Yeah, yeah, of course. Um...
I could do that or, um,
I can give you some of this.
OK, I'm gonna...
You're gonna do what, bitch?
Call the cops on me?
Tell them you got the wrong illegal drugs from a kid?
You dumb piece of shit. Get the fuck out of here.
- Uh, you... - Run!
- All right, I'm running. - Mm-hm. Keep running!
Stupid...
Richard, what's wrong?
Have you been crying?
Hey! Which one was it?
It was church candy, wasn't it?
You just brought piss to a shit fight, you little cunt!
No, no, no!
Now you get in your fucking house and you get me five Adderall
or I'll slit your fucking throat! You understand?
I'll kill your mother! I'll rape your father!
I'll curb-stomp that little face so hard
that your teeth will go flying, you little shit!
Now go! Go! Go! Go!
Get me five Adderall, right now!
OK! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Tara.
First of all...
so, um...
I have thought about it.
A lot.
To be honest, elements of this arrangement
still trouble me.
However, I have not had a lot of sexual experiences.
So I feel it may be foolish to turn this down.
So as long as Gilfoyle is not in the room
and I can verify that the door is locked...
...then I have concluded that...
...yes...
I would love to have sexual relations with you...
Tara.
Yeah.
Uh, what are you talking about?
Gilfoyle told me.
I know you want to have sex with me.
Gilfoyle?
Would you come in here for a second?
Did you tell Dinesh that I want to have sex with him?
No.
Oh, wait, yeah, I totally did. I forgot about that.
I was really high. I was just fucking with him.
Did he believe me?
Did you just present yourself to my woman?
Oh, this is outstanding.
Oh, my God, that is so mean of you!
Look at how cute he is.
He's adorable. You're adorable.
Don't call me ador... It's very emasculating.
What kind of fucking idiot listens to what Gilfoyle has to say?
OK, Tara, here's what it is.
If you can tell me to my face
that you seriously find Dinesh more attractive than me,
then and only then will I concede defeat.
What?
And our regression test is... done.
Yes. It's clear, we all test out.
The system's stable again.
Thank God. Now we can move on to
the next module and I can forget you ever existed.
Can you do me a favor?
Don't tell anyone I cratered this bad?
I won't tell anyone I hired you
if you won't tell anyone you worked here.
Oh, the BofA deal.
Got it.
Well, I'm gonna call my mom and have her pick me up.
Your mom?
Oh, by the way, you owe me 20 thousand dollars.
What a dick.
You have to talk to Jared about that.
Where is Jared?
Excuse me. Can you help me?
Obstacle averted. Resuming operations.
Please be careful.
Please be careful. Please be careful.
*Sailing takes me away*
The core compression algorithm is optimal.
All the test cases ran optimal.
The Weissman score is optimal.
Looks like Nucleus is optimal.
Good. Good.
Congratulations, guys.
- Oh, yeah. - Oh, dog.
Richard, the ingestion engine is ready for testing.
Have you seen Richard?
He's in there, having a little trouble
with his personal ingestion engine.
Still? It's been an hour. He's gotta get this done.
Oh, he's got his laptop in there, on top of his lap.
Hey, Richard.
Don't talk to me while I'm in the bathroom please.
Well, snap it off, we gotta go.
I know. Just don't talk to me while I'm in here.
It's weird.
Oh, my God. Jared's been back from that island for a whole day
and he didn't get any toilet paper?
Are you serious? Is Jared out there?
I thought you didn't want me to talk to you
while you were in the bathroom. Make up your mind.
You know what? Just get away from the door, please.
Friday, the pool cleaner comes.
- Do you understand? - Yes.
And tomorrow is trash day
so make sure all the cans are out front.
Yes.
Now, you are under no circumstances to order any movie on demand,
adult or otherwise.
Yes.
OK, has anything that I've just said confused you?
- Yes. - Goddamnit!
Jesus, Cher. Are you bringing your whole closet?
I'm a pro, Dinesh. I won't apologize for it.
I dress according to the moods that I sense in the room.
As such, I must have options.
We all packed and ready to go?
We can take my car but gas is on the company.
Hello? Did everyone leave?
No.
What?
I don't know how you read your screen in the car.
It makes me sick as a dog.
I'm OK as long as I don't think about it.
Besides, the presentation is tomorrow.
So if you just don't think about it it really doesn't bother you
to be staring at the screen when the car's moving
- and turning and you're all queasy... - Oh, God!
Gilfoyle.
See, I knew it bothered you. Fucking liar.
{\an8}HIGH
So I'm a little behind, being stuck on that island for four days,
but I think I'm on top of everything.
OK, give me your IDs and I'll go register us...
There you are. Got your credentials and wristbands
for the walkthrough at 4:00 today.
Uh, walkthrough?
Yeah, basically, it's a sound check for the competition.
Uh, yeah, we didn't know about that.
Did I not tell you about the walkthrough?
I am so sorry.
That's why I'm here. Peter's on safari
with Lorne Michaels and Kanye West until next week
so I can put all of my attention on you guys for once.
I am so sorry.
I thought that I talked to you guys about the walk...
Gentlemen, welcome to the big show.
TechCrunch motherfucking Disrupt.
OK, guys, this place is a vortex of distraction.
Normally in the tech world it's two percent women.
Guys, these next three days, 15 percent.
It's a goddamn meat market.
I need you to focus.
How we do here is the entire future of your company.
Don't screw it all up now.
We have to knock them dead in the preliminaries tomorrow
so we can move on to the finals on Friday.
I have a question.
The program says that Dan Melcher is judging our round.
Is there any way to get him removed?
Not unless there's a conflict of interest.
Well, there may be. I did have sexual intercourse with his wife.
What? It was three years ago.
So one of the guys judging us wants to fucking kill you?
Maybe. I don't know if he found out.
Either way, Richard,
you may have to present instead of me so be prepared.
What, me? Present? No.
We may be fine. We may be totally fine.
We also may be totally fucked.
I'll let you know either way.
I'm gonna go network. Don't approach me.
I don't want to present.
Besides, I'm not even done with the demo.
OK, Richard, you need to go to the hotel right now and finish.
Oh, you already checked us into the hotel?
OK, I'm gonna do this module by module.
Dinesh, you built the edge video player
so I'm gonna start with you first. OK?
OK, you guys set up the booth, OK?
I think it's this way.
You think?
A few flyers, that's all we have?
Yeah, I think it is.
Hello, what's your name?
Visit us at microdrone.com...
Oh, wow, Microdrone.
They just closed $17 million in seed funding.
Hi. Hello. Excuse me.
Pied Piper?
You guys are competing in the StartUp Battlefield, right?
Everyone has been talking about your compression rate.
I mean, it is supposed to be sick.
Anyway, you must be great with Java
and I just cannot seem
to figure out this stupid bug. Do you mind?
I'll be back.
Thank you.
If we integrate one module every two hours
we should be in great shape...
Richard, follow me. Follow me. Follow me.
- All right. See you at the hotel. - See you.
Very soon, I hope.
Hey, man. Just wanted to say good luck.
OK, thanks. But what's with all the...
Sorry. I just can't be seen talking to you, you know?
Hooli people all over the place.
I don't know, man, I'm just really into
this whole rest and vest life, you know,
way more than I thought I would be.
I just don't want to rock the boat.
Oh, hey, did I tell you? I'm getting a boat.
And a boat guy to take care of it.
You have to have a boat guy.
Oh yeah, you've gotta have a boat guy...
if you have a boat.
Hey, um, you know that girl, right?
Sherry, I think her name was.
She said you guys went to school together.
Uh, OK, yeah.
I saw her at the Valleywag party last night,
which was crazy, by the way,
dude, there must've been like 12 girls there.
- Holy shit. - Nuts.
Anyway, she said you guys went out a couple times
and then she dumped you and you became obsessed with her.
What? What? She said I was obsessed?
She said obsessed.
Uh, that's bullshit, 'cause I think we went out two times.
Uh, it was nothing so how could I be obsessed? That's...
No, you're going down!
Nucleus is gonna crush Wide Diaper.
You never shoulda said no to my man, Gavin Belson.
Ok.
Seeded quite a few new companies.
Spinder. It's like Tinder but for spinsters.
Elderly women looking for sex.
There's this girl who's walking around,
saying that I'm obsessed with her.
Now that just really pisses me off.
That's fascinating. Let's just forget about it, OK?
I mean it's... it's just so fucked up, right?
I mean, I barely remember her.
And it's just so insulting to have someone walking around
spreading lies about you. Right?
I wonder who she's working with.
Like I wonder who she's here with
because if she's telling her coworkers,
then that's a whole 'nother group of people I gotta worry about.
Richard, you don't have to worry about anything
- except for Pied Piper right now. - Yeah, I know.
Because we have less than 24 hours 'til the preliminaries.
- No one's worrying, that's the thing. - Perfect.
Perfect.
OK, her.
She used the word "obsessed", Dinesh.
- "Obsessed." - Richard, I don't care.
Neither do I. That's the entire point.
I'm just gonna check her Instagram real quick.
Because if she's posting comments about me being obsessed...
I mean, I can't just ignore that.
Would you be interested in a device
that links to your smartphone
and lets you know, even before it happens,
whether you're having a panic attack
or a heart attack?
OK, here's how Panic-A-Tech works.
You wear this on your finger all day and it tracks your vitals.
Or if that's too embarrassing,
there's also a Bluetooth suppository
and that goes right where you think it goes.
And that comes with a retrieval kit.
Was he like, "Bro, you're my bro,"
or was he like, "I wanna shoot you in the face
and watch you bleed out all over the stage
'cause you fucked my wife, you cocksuck."
Right in the middle. It was like:
What happened? How's it going at the hotel?
Weird. He switched to meta-data extraction
and now wants to see you.
Meta-data? Already? Makes no sense.
He seems very distracted.
OK, guys, since we're kind of playing from behind here
I put together a little secret weapon.
I... I went through the entire list of conference participants
and I found images and I found bios and I printed them out
so we have them all in one place.
- Why did you do that? - Uh, OK.
Who's this guy? Watch. He is...
Rick Smith, co-founder of Crosscut Ventures.
How did you...?
ID-Keen. It's this facial recognition app
that Monica put on our phones.
You just point it at anybody, tells you who they are
and how important they are to the conference.
You're not showing up at all.
Yeah, maybe I'm not getting a... No, I'm getting a signal.
OK. Um, well...
Ooh, Jared, Jared, recycling's over there.
Hey, so what's the deal? Does the judge know or not?
I don't know, Monica. He's toying with me.
Or maybe he's not. I can't fucking figure it out.
Erlich, you need to stop this. His wife is here.
Grow a pair and talk to her, find out for sure.
Why don't you grow a pair and I'll talk to her.
What?
Do you happen to know Java?
Are you kidding? It's like my specialty.
Will you help me?
Oh, it would be my honor.
Yes?
Oh, sorry. Um, I must not have the right room.
I'm looking for Dan Melcher.
Yeah, that's us.
Oh, it is? OK.
I was looking to speak with his wife.
That's me. I'm, well, his new wife, we just got married.
Oh, congratulations.
Uh, what happened with Madelyn?
- You're a friend of Dan's? - Yeah.
We've... We have a common interest...s.
Uh, many common interests.
Well, she was a nightmare.
Pills, in and out of rehab.
Had all of these disgusting affairs.
You know, the divorce nearly killed Dan.
Really? Disgusting affairs.
Well, I... I feel terrible.
No, it's fine. He's put it behind him.
All of it? I mean, every aspect of it?
Well, that is... that is great to hear.
What if she's spreading this lie to everyone at this conference?
I mean, honestly, Gilfoyle...
Richard, stop talking about this
or I have to punch you in the face.
Fuck. It is huge.
Very, very huge.
Check, one-two two,
tsetse fly, tsetse fly.
Hey, how's the demo coming?
Um, we're getting there. Uh, definitely... getting there.
Gentlemen, I bring good tidings.
Turns out that Melcher is divorced, remarried
and has put the previously relationship behind him completely.
Problem solved.
That's great.
It sure is, Richard, it sure as hell is.
Look at these poor fuckers.
They don't even know what's about to hit 'em.
The hammer of God.
I am so sorry! I am so sorry.
I thought you guys were gonna come get me
and... and I'm sorry.
Wait, Jared, what are you doing here?
What?
- Who's watching the booth? - Yeah.
I thought that maybe Monica could...
- She's not in the company. - We need her here. That's the thing.
All right, everybody,
this run-through is for essential personnel only,
essential only.
- We need someone in the booth is the thing. - Right.
You're essential to the booth.
Right.
All right, each team will
have six minutes for presentation and demo,
at which point the judges will ask a few questions...
Uh, do you mind if I break in here, just one question.
Uh, are the judges allowed to send us through
to the finals immediately after we present
or do we have to wait until everyone else has gone?
What? I'm just saying what everybody's thinking.
Hello, what's your name?
Visit us at microdrone.com.
- Uh, excuse me, no thank you.  - And download a free video of you
- at TechCrunch Disrupt - Uh, no, thank you.
Nathan. Are you Nathan Zimmerman, CEO of Flingual?
I... I... Whoever's doing this, no thank you.
Yeah, I think we got a dead zone, an audio dead zone right here.
Listen to this.
Hear that? Compared to...
OK, here's what I want.
- As soon as the music comes up... - Music?
I want you to hit me with a spotlight, bam! And a hard spot.
Better yet, do you have those spotlights that...
hoooom, come up from the ground,
- like in Pride Fighting? - Uh... I can check.
OK, so two of those, one on each side and then one in the center
so that it casts my shadow behind me,
like a giant looking over his own shoulder.
Do you have any wind machines.
I'm gonna need two of those...
Are you humming to yourself?
Was... was I?
Uh, you know, honestly,
I may have found the perfect woman.
Whoa. What? Who? Who?
She's in the booth right next to us, Charlotte.
She's not even physically my type,
she has blonde hair
and these stupid pink streaks
and doesn't seem to be dominant at all.
However, I think I'm in love.
She invited me to her room to watch Cloud Atlas later tonight.
Oh yeah, that means she wants you to lay her.
Is that definitive?
I mean, nobody can watch more than like a minute of that film.
So what's the deal? I mean, is she hot?
Yeah, I mean, she's attractive,
but almost every woman is attractive.
It was her mind.
She wrote this Java method that was
the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.
Elegant, tight.
There's just something
so hot about a woman that can code like that.
You know, I just want to...
crawl in her frontal lobe and...
What's up?
You know I wrote that code, right?
No, this code was on her system.
A banged up 15-inch MacBook Pro with shitty stickers on it?
Everyone here has a beat up 15-inch MacBook Pro...
With a 1.3 chip and only two gigs of RAM?
She doesn't know Java. I wrote that code.
- You said you were in love with her mind. - Oh fuck.
You realize what's going on, right?
It's not her you're sexually attracted to, it's my code.
Shut the... That is the
most disgusting fucking thing I've ever h...
Just face it, Dinesh,
you're gay for my code, you're code gay.
No! No, I'm into her. Her, OK? Fuck your code!
You'd like to fuck my code, wouldn't you?
Hey, would you like to masturbate to the subroutine I just wrote?
No! It's... I'm... I'm...
And then I'll sort of close right here in the center
with a confidence and poise that, well,
they probably won't have seen up until this point.
And then at that point we've got
some photos that we're gonna throw up on the big screen.
Photos?
Yeah, you know, just a few.
Gandhi, MLK, me as an inquisitive child.
Richard, could you please.
Oh, yes, sorry. I'll just plug it in here.
No! Don't!
- Don't! - Oh, shi...
- What the fuck!? - Shit.
Oh, she's here.
Oh, shit, it's frozen. It's frozen.
That is not me, obviously.
He's obsessed with me. I'm sorry.
Hey, what's wrong?
I'm just a little nervous 'cause you're so beautiful.
Random question...
So you didn't write any of that Java code?
But I write all of our tweets
and we have like a couple hundred followers.
Couple hundred...
Oh, let me move this.
Oh, that's the code your friend wrote.
- Yeah, it is. - It's really good, huh?
It's fine. I don't care about it.
Mm, there we go.
Oh, fu...
Come on, focus, focus.
Richard's not gonna finish, is he?
He'll finish, Gilfoyle, he has to.
Are you OK?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I knew it. You couldn't do it.
Please shut up. Shut up.
Why is it that every time I'm about to have sex with a lady...
he's all up in there somehow?
Finally, just us. Guys, this round is on me.
Hey, Jared. There you guys go.
- To Pied Piper. Hmm? - To Pied Piper.
Here, here.
Yeah, drink it up.
But it's not gonna change who you are.
Monica, can I speak to you for a minute?
Yeah.
No, Sherry, it has to be now!
Oh, shit.
OK, look, we need to talk.
You keep telling people I'm obsessed with you. It's not true...
Richard, why don't you just take a step back...
No, no, no, let me finish.
OK, did I put your picture
up on the big screen in the auditorium? Yes.
But that's because I was showing you to my friends
to prove a point that I'm not obsessed with you.
Richard, I'm gonna go now.
No, I'm not obsessed with you, Sherry!
I'm...
I'm not.
That guy Richard I was telling you about
just totally freaked out on me
Yeah, the obsessed guy.
- Where are you? - You've been doing this ever since
- we arrived at the conference. - Which elevators?
You really think that you
can come between me and Richard Hendricks?
We're partners, OK, and I've devoted every second
of my waking life for the past two months to him, OK?
I am devoted to him and to
the precious thing that we're building together!
I'm his partner. I can tell when he's vomiting...
- What? No. - Because he's nervous or when he's vomiting...
Never mind, Kate, I'm fine.
Because he's sick
or when he's vomiting because he had cilantro, which he loves
but he shouldn't have because it makes him...
I had no idea that you felt this way.
I mean it, I am so sorry.
I mean, I'm obsessed with her...
Richard, can I talk to you for a second?
Uh, OK.
I owe you an apology. I was way off base.
Well, yeah, you were.
He cleared it all up for me.
Jared? Really?
Yeah. He's your partner, right?
Yeah, he is. One of many.
Probably too many.
How could I not have seen this?
Obviously you're not obsessed with me.
Richard, it's none of my business, but
- be safe. OK? - OK.
Of course I'm safe. I
backup my whole system like five times a day.
So... uh, Jared, hey,
thank you.
For what?
Uh, you know, everything.
I feel like we don't appreciate you enough,
so thank you.
Are you... are you crying?
Are you crying?
Uh, don't do that. Don't cry.
Oh, shit. I gotta get back to work.
I... I need to focus here.
We should all go.
All right, I'm taking care of this one.
But when we win this fuckin' thing,
Richard, you're buying the next round.
Yeah.
Oh... no.
We're with the conference, is there any sort of discount...?
Kind of break you can...?
No. All right.
- Hello again. - Oh, hi.
You know, that was really
sweet of you to be so concerned about Dan.
He really has been through hell.
Well, it's the least I could do.
So how did you know Madelyn again?
Oh, uh, long story.
I have to admit, I'm curious.
You know what, keep it open.
Have you ever cared too much?
People, are you ready?
Are you ready for the ultimate Tech Startup Competition?
Let me hear it:
Disrupt!
Disrupt.
Hello. My name is Saeed Jobrani.
I am the CEO of ImmediBug.
And we're here to revolutionize
the way you report bugs on your mobile platform.
Happin! will revolutionize
location-based mobile news aggregation as you know it.
We're making the world a better place, through Paxos Algorithms
for consensus protocols.
And we're making the world a better place
through software defined data centers for cloud computing.
A better place through canonical
data models to communicate between endpoints.
A better place through scalable,
fault-tolerant distributed databases with asset transactions.
fault-tolerant distributed databases with asset transactions.
And we are truly local mobile social.
And we're completely So-Mo-Lo.
And we're Mo-Lo-So.
We're Lo-Mo-So, bro.
We were So-Lo-Mo
but now we're Mo-Lo-So.
No, Mo-So-Lo. No...
You want me to get a water or something?
- Yeah, drink this. - Here.
- So we're all good? - We're all great.
I killed it. Our Weissman score on all tests: 2.89.
Right at the theoretical limit.
Yeah, all the edge modules are humming.
Uh, even on mobile. They can throw anything at us.
Great. Well, good luck. I'm gonna go find my seat.
Um, except 3D video.
What?
3D video's still a little hinky.
Erlich better steer them away from that just to be safe.
Where the hell is Erlich?
He wasn't with you guys this morning?
Rather than heating an entire room,
HumanHeater is a microwave technology
that can heat the surface of a person's skin instead,
potentially saving millions in heating costs
and helping the environment,
thereby making the world a better place.
Judges.
Uh... OK, so,
you want to heat people
with microwaves, is that right?
That can't be safe.
That's a great question and trust me, it is very, very safe.
I've been working on it for 15 years.
I don't trust you and it can't be safe.
And even if it was, I don't
think you could ever sell the public on this.
Thank you.
I think when people see the savings on their utility bill
and when they see how it
saves the environment, they will be sold.
Microwaves? Are you kidding me?
Man, they are brutal.
All right, let's light this candle.
Where the hell have you been?
Uh, there's been some developments.
You know how I fucked Melcher's old wife?
- I fucked his new wife, too. - What?
Uh, don't worry, he's not gonna find out.
I left way before he got back last night and then I didn't
go back this morning until 20 minutes after he had left.
You went back?
How many times did you fuck this woman?
The old wife or the new wife?
- The new wife. - Last night or this morning?
Erlich, what are you thinking? This is kind of the big day today.
Relax, he's not gonna find out. She's not gonna tell him.
How the fuck do you know that?
Because she'd have to be crazy to tell him
and I asked her point blank if she was crazy
and she swore to me, no, she's not crazy.
- Pied Piper, you're up. - Let's do it.
The microwaves only penetrate the top layer of skin cells.
I don't believe you. It can't be safe.
Thank you.
I've been testing it on these guys all winter and they're fine.
Let me just demonstrate it to assure you...
- No! No! - No! Please!
No one is ever going to buy one of these.
Ever.
That was HumanHeater.
Next up, Executive Chairman and Chief Visionary
Erlich Bachman presenting Pied Piper.
Since the dawn of time,
mankind hath sought to make things smaller, but until now,
no man...
You son of a bitch!
Jesus Christ! Everyone remain calm.
Stay in your seats! Everything is under control!
Lights?
I think he knows.
I'll rip your dick off, you son of a bitch!
My eye!
On behalf of the entire Disrupt conference,
I would like to apologize
for what happened out there this afternoon.
This man will never be asked to judge again.
I've just learned he's been fired from Oracle,
and apparently his wife left him.
Anyway, I just got a call from your attorney, Mr. LaFlamme,
informing me that in his view this incident is...
actionable.
And in addition to holding TechCrunch liable for any damages,
which may include the loss to Pied Piper
of potentially billions in revenue and share value,
uh, he maybe naming me personally in a lawsuit.
So... I would like to propose that
we put this incident behind us, legally speaking,
by sending pied Piper directly through to the finals
of Start-Up Battlefield,
where you will compete for the grand prize.
- How does that sound? - I think that's...
One question, uh, regarding our hotel accommodations?
Bam! Am I right, guys?
I was just happy you got punched in the face, Erlich,
but now I'm super happy. I feel like I won twice.
I'm gonna disrupt this bathroom.
I don't think this couch pulls out.
I guess I'll get myself a roll-away bed.
I mean, you're welcome, guys.
I had to fuck a wife and take a punch,
but now we get to go into the finals tomorrow
without having blown our wad in the prelims.
We're trending up, boys. We are trending up.
Maybe you're right. But we should probably get back down there
and check out the competition.
Ladies and gentlemen, Gavin Belson.
No matter what you may have heard, size matters.
Welcome, everyone, to a journey into the Nucleus.
I hope this sucks.
Nucleus will provide the most diverse features
ever assembled in a cloud-based compression suite.
Massive functionality, inter-connectivity,
and the simplicity
one has come to expect from the Hooli family.
We're making all your files
available for lightning-fast download.
Accessible from any device.
All these features will be seamlessly synced to Hooli-mail,
Hooli-search and the full suite of Hooli computing power.
That's a lot of functionality.
Don't worry, he can't come close to our Weissman score.
Even with all this extra shit,
it's like a fancy car with a crappy engine.
And now, for the moment of truth.
As you will now see,
our Weissman score is the best in the history of compression.
What the fuck?
That's exactly the same score as us.
Two-point-eight-nine. That is not an error.
We are breathing rare air here,
operating at the limit for lossless compression
in audio, video and data.
Anyone who tells you that their platform is faster than ours
better have good lawyers.
I hope you've enjoyed your journey into the Nucleus.
We have the speed. We have the features.
And we have... Shakira!
Hola, TechCrunch!
I mean, they just completely reverse-engineered
our entire compression engine.
He totally sniped us.
- We'll be fine. - What?
They judge this contest on viability in the marketplace.
I mean, at best, we're a worse version of Nucleus.
I mean, they have 50 modules, and they're all awesome.
We have five that barely work.
I mean, we're still have trouble compressing 3D files.
Who's lining up to buy that?
Who the fuck cares?
So the platform can't handle 3D files.
You know what, 3D movies suck anyway.
I could actually argue this Gavin nonsense is a positive.
Please don't...
We just need to really dial it up for the big show tomorrow.
- Dial what up? He just ruined us. - And until then,
we need to do what any animal in nature does when it's cornered,
act erratically, and blindly lash out at everything around us.
I'm gonna go get in Gavin's head.
Hey, guys, I just had a thought. OK, so this is it, right?
A lot of successful start-ups
launched with a different business model,
and when they ran into trouble, they pivoted to something new.
Like Instagram. That was a
location-based check-in service when it started.
And then they pivoted.
Or Chatroulette, OK, that was social media,
and then they pivoted
to become a playground for the sexually monstrous.
We just need a new idea,
something that people want. Right? We can pivot, too.
Dude, you are fucked up right now.
Yeah, you're pinning bad.
Well, I'll admit, I'm sleep-challenged.
I just spent four days trapped in a steel box out on an oil rig
full of robot-forklifts.
So, that was hard, but I'm back.
I am recovering and I am focused
and we're gonna pivot. Don't lose faith, guys.
All right, look at me. Look at me. Look at me.
We've got a great name. We've got a great team.
We've got a great logo, and we've got a great name.
Now we just need an idea.
Let's pivot! Let's pivot!
That might be the last time we see him alive.
I think I'm just gonna take a walk and,
you know, try and clear my head.
I'll see you guys back at the hotel room
and we'll figure out what to do.
We're going to be poor.
Hi! I'd like to talk to you
about a company called Pied Piper.
What does it do? Good question.
Maybe you can help us find an answer.
What if Pied Piper was an app
that could attract rodents?
You know, like the fairy tale?
For purposes of extermination or to feed your pet snake.
We're not here to tell you what to do with your rats,
we're here to get your rats, STAT.
Would you be very interested,
somewhat interested or not interested?
Which one? Which one? Which one?
Look at them, all full of hope. Pricks.
Oh, look, Kwerpy's here recruiting.
They just got 20 million in Series A
at a $280 million dollar valuation.
That could have been us.
It's too bad we already have jobs,
we could easily go work there.
It'd be a real dickhead move to bail on Richard now, right?
I mean, before we officially go under.
Yeah. Yeah. Total dickhead move.
Even though... it is just a matter of days.
- And we are so close. - I mean, he is standing right there.
- But I'm not a dickhead. - No. Neither am I.
Yep, just a couple of non-dickheads.
My dick and my head, totally separate.
You've heard the phrase, "Time to pay the piper," Right?
What if there was an app called Pied Piper that could tell you,
to a statistical degree of certainty,
whether you were going to heaven or hell?
Very interested, somewhat interested, not interested?
Which one? Which one? Which one?
So you made some really over-the-top promises about Nucleus.
- Can you deliver? - Absolutely.
For me, Kara, goodness, greatness,
these are not simply catch phrases,
but, in fact, really the intention of Hooli from the beginning.
Gavin, you do not need to dignify any of this with a response!
I can speak for myself.
Erlich Bachman, Pied Piper.
Was I brutally assaulted? Yes.
Did Gavin Belson here have anything to do with it? Unclear.
All I know is that the rumor
that TechCrunch is all abuzz about is unproven.
- Wait, what rumor? - Thank you.
Why would Gavin have anything to do with this?
Unless he had some reason to be
frightened by Pied Piper and it's superior technology?
This and all other Gavin Belson rumors are unsubstantiated.
OK, the alcoholism, the sexual impropriety at work,
the impending crash of Hooli's stock...
This is the most ridiculous...
Exactly. So why repeat the lascivious details,
with which all of us are undoubtedly already familiar?
Guilty or not, Gavin, I stand with you.
Care to comment?
Let's keep moving, shall we?
Yes, let's all keep moving. Let's move on from this.
I forgive you, Gavin.
No matter how brutally I was assaulted.
Wow, Pied Piper sounds like a great place to work.
Oh, yeah, it is.
Pied Piper is the best, right?
Oh, my God, everyday feels like I've died and gone to hell.
I'm sorry.
He's a Satanist, so it's good.
- Oh, fun. - The point is, we love our company,
and I don't have a problem saying that out loud.
- You... - Love it.
We both say it out loud and I think that fact,
proves that we're not dickheads.
So what we wanted to ask you was...
Guys?
Totally between us, our beta crapped out.
The VC's did a full clawback and our Series A is DOA.
We're going down.
We have enough runway for maybe two, three weeks max.
So... do you guys think you could hire me?
How much would it be worth to you
if I told you I had a GPS app called Pied Piper,
tracking the location of your child?
I can follow your child anywhere,
and there is nothing you can do to stop me.
Most missing children are never found.
Interested, very interested, or very interested?
Richard. Hi...
- Hey... suitcase. Yeah. - Yeah.
So you're...
Peter called. He saw Erlich's presentation,
such as it was.
And Gavin's.
So he wants me to go back to Palo Alto.
There's just a few other things he wants me working on.
Now that we're, you know, dead in the water.
Listen, I'm sorry you walked away from the money like you did.
But I swear I only wanted Peter to seed you
because I thought you had a really great company.
It just didn't work out for you this time.
Uh... can I be honest with you?
I haven't had more than two straight hours of sleep in months.
I've had a cold for, like, a year.
My stomach cramps up so much I feel like I'm menstruating.
Maybe this is for the better.
Look, I gotta go.
I'm really sorry that we're not gonna be working together anymore.
Yeah, me too.
I guess... I guess we won't see each other again.
Well, I mean, now that the rules about socializing with co-workers
aren't in effect anymore.
Let me know if you want to grab a drink sometime.
What, like a "Drink" drink?
You go on dates with failures?
- Constantly. - OK.
Uh... bye.
- Bye. - OK.
You have any weapons or drugs on your person at this time?
Why, yes. Yes, I do.
Adderall.
This is a highly controlled substance. Are these yours?
No! Those belong to an underage kid that I brought to my house.
Yeah, sir, I'm going to have to ask you to come with me.
That's a kind invitation,
but I have too much to do. I'm pivoting!
- Let's go now! - No. I'm pivoting! I'm pivoting!
I'm pivoting!
I mean, what do we even present tomorrow?
Honestly, anyone?
Why do we have to present at all?
What's that supposed to mean?
If we are going to fail and be humiliated,
why do it on stage in front of 1,000 people
- and a live-streamed audience? - Yeah.
Are you saying we shouldn't even show up?
No offense, but it's basically going to be a public execution.
Yes, and public executions are very popular.
It's show business. We are not quitting, Richard.
Look, Erlich, I want to present, I do,
it's just... I don't know.
Jesus, are you OK?
What? Yeah, I... OK.
Yeah, all good. They let me go.
Who let you go?
When was the last time you slept, Jared?
Absolutely, David. What are we talking about, gents?
We're talking about how I didn't get to present in the prelims,
because I was too busy getting my face pummeled
so that our team could move forward.
That's why we're presenting tomorrow.
And you know what? We're going to win.
Yeah, we're gonna win even if I have to go into the auditorium
and personally jerk off every guy in the audience.
That's a lot of jerking.
And we only have ten minutes to present. So...
So, we're fucked, aren't we?
Yeah, even if he's jerking two at a time,
there are, what, 800 guys in that room?
So that's 400 times whatever the mean jerk-time is.
- The what? - Mean jerk-time.
I mean, it doesn't matter, but, hypothetically,
time is equal to 400 total jerks
at a two-dick rate.
Unless Erlich jerks off four guys at a time,
and then we can cut that in half.
How would he do four guys...? He's got two hands,
so that's two dicks at a time, right?
Look, you have two guys
on either side with their dicks, tip to tip,
so you're going full-length.
Four, see?
From the middle out. That does make sense.
- Like two Shake Weights? - Yeah,
so what we're trying to do, hypothetically,
is minimize time, which is 800 dudes,
multiplied by mean-jerk time, divided by four dicks at a time.
Of course, Erlich would have to pre-sort guys by height,
so that their dicks lined up.
Not by height, technically.
The measurement that we're looking for, really, is dick to floor.
Call that D2F.
Oh, my God.
You know, if a guy's dick was long enough,
it would be able to reach up or down
to another guy with a different D2F.
The longer the dick, the greater the D2F bridge,
but I would still be able to jerk it off in one smooth motion...
I'd just have to jerk it on an angle.
where length L creates
a complimentary shaft angle.
Call that -D.
- And now, the orgasm... - Oh shit! On my God!
I'm such an idiot. Middle out!
Middle out! Middle out! Oh, my God.
How could I...?
Guys, does girth-similarity affect Erlich's ability
to jerk different dicks simultaneously?
Shit. Yeah, I think it would.
Of course, it does.
Time to orgasm, or T2O,
has to be the same for each matching pair of dicks
otherwise I'm wasting a lot of great strokes on a guy
that's already busted.
Unless you can hotswap dicks in and out.
So on a downstroke, you get a new one in.
So when you stroke up you're not wasting any energy.
Even so, I think this is the most reliable metric for stamina.
Guys? Richard's been locked in here for almost two hours.
Do we think he's OK?
You don't think he'd...
He did seem pretty bummed out.
{\an8}HIGH
All right, guys, let's go.
The finals are starting. Up!
Gilfoyle!
Jesus!
What happened to the door?
Don't worry about it, Richard, is the platform up and running?
I made a few changes, but yeah...
OK, tell me on the walk. All right, you dildos, let's go!
All right, talk to me, Richard.
What were you working on last night?
Well, uh, I might've made a breakthrough.
Really, so everything is working?
Uh, technically, no.
Let's face it, ladies, is there anything less sexy
than when a user's visualization UX is completely sub-optimal?
I mean, it's the worst, right?
So we've gone through all the research and all the steps.
We have a solution for these problems
and Zenella is ready to bring it to the marketplace.
Yeah, I get it, Richard. You changed a lot.
Just give me the basics and I can roll with it.
I need to know what I'm presenting here.
I don't think I have time to explain it all.
What the hell does that mean?
Richard? Is this the right build?
I can't find the mobile suite here.
Uh, it is nowhere. I deleted it.
- What? - Here they are.
- Pied Piper's here. - Sorry we're late.
Richard, talk to me.
I can't front a band without knowing what we're playing?
Uh... I'm think I'm just going to do the presentation myself.
Wait, what? No, no, no, Richard, Richard, Richard, Richard.
Respectfully... Respectfully, you're terrible.
You have world class showman standing right in front of you
and you're going to pass on that?
Release me, Richard. Release the Kraken!
- Pied Piper. You're on. - This is it!
I don't know what you did, Richard,
- but I hope it works. - Me, too.
All right, let's welcome our final team to the finals
of this year's TechCrunch Disrupt Start-Up Battlefield.
Presenting for Pied Piper is Erlich Bachman.
Uh... actually there has been a change of plans.
Presenting for Pied Piper will be Richard Hendricks.
Richard?
Sorry. Got a little light-headed there for a second.
I set 'em up for you, now knock 'em down.
I don't understand. I thought he made the platform better.
He just deleted everything.
Maybe he moved it to the cloud?
No. All The Carver's work is gone.
Pied Piper is a cloud based compression.
Without the cloud, nothing's left.
Gentlemen, this is likely
the last ten minutes of Pied Piper,
so let's enjoy it.
- Has he lost his mind? - He's lost his fucking mind.
Hello... Hello. Hello.
I am... My name is Richard Hendricks, and I am,
along with this guy, him, him...
...and another guy that has disappeared...
we are Pied Piper. A compression company.
Well, you know, in your pamphlets it says that we are
a cloud based multi-platform solution
for user-focused compression.
And we were. Until yesterday.
But now we are not.
Uh, because you see, Hooli
did everything that we were tying to do, better, way better.
Nucleus is built on the
same engine as ours, like exactly the same,
and their Weissman score was 2.89, same as ours.
But the thing is, they built
a ton of really great stuff up on top of that.
And we can't compete, so now we have to be something else.
Um... well-played, Hooli.
Uh, OK, so anyway,
we all know that the most obvious way
to compress files is with Shannon coding, right? Top down.
Richard, they can't see that, it's too small.
- OK. - Literally, hundreds of people here.
Oh, no, but I need...
Shit, OK.
Um... right, oh.
Uh, so Shannon coding and then David Huffman came along,
and he pioneered bottom up,
and Lempel-Ziv with left to right, obviously.
And for decades, we used these codes to compress,
you know, JPEGs, MPEGs, MP3s, zips, all that stuff.
But we all know that, so there's no point in talking about it.
But what happened was, last night
I was watching my friends here have this argument.
About, you know, manipulating... data...
and, you know, how many datas
could one guy manipulate at once and, uh...
and I was just... I was thinking.
Maybe it could be another way, you know?
Something that I would call, "Middle out".
It's up and down, back and forth
all at the same time going on at once.
OK, well, anyway, I deleted all our modules last night,
and I completely rebuilt our engine, from scratch last night.
Now, this morning I really only had enough time to do one test,
and when I did,
we hit a Weissman score of 3.8.
Now, I know the theoretical limit was 2.9,
but as you can see here...
I'm sorry. You scored a 3.8?
Yes, sir.
And this is a universal lossless compression engine?
Text? Audio? Video?
Yes, that is correct.
Well, I'm sorry to interrupt your eloquent presentation, Richard.
But, rather than say anything more,
why don't we just give you a file
and we'll see whether this thing can do what you say it does.
Because if it can't,
then we're done here, right?
Yeah. Yeah, that's fair.
So we can give you any kind of file and you can compress it,
without degradation, at this standard? Three-eight?
Yes... yep.
All right, give us a minute, please.
- What do we got? - Does anyone have anything?
- Do you have something? - I've got a file for him.
OK. Andy Stafford here has a file for you.
- OK. - It's a 132 gigabytes un-compressed,
and it's a 3D video file.
Ok.
Shit...
- A fucking 3D file? - Yes.
- Are you fucking kidding me? - Goddammit.
- Can we handle this? - I guess we'll find out.
Damm it, I hope this works.
Shit... it's hung.
Oh, no.
Is it stuck?
There is a time limit, you have two minutes remaining.
Come on, come on, come on...
It looks like it's done.
Wait, 24 gigs? What happened?
Oh... shit, there's no way.
It didn't compress the whole thing.
It should be twice that size.
I mean, 24 gigs, that's less than a fourth the file size.
That seems dubious, Richard.
Why don't we run a Weissman test for verification,
see where we went wrong.
OK, I mean it shouldn't take too long,
it only compressed half the fucking file.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have rewritten all this code.
I mean, what we had before worked.
I'm sorry, guys. Gavin won. We lost.
At least it didn't happen
in a public and brutally embarrassing way.
- Thanks, Gilfoyle. - Yeah.
Wait a second. What's happening?
There's no errors, look!
Five-point-two? How, how...?
Wait, what?
Wait, it compressed the whole file?
That's the whole file.
It's just half the size I thought it would be.
Ladies and gentlemen,
obviously we're going to keep looking at this to verify,
but with a confirmed score of 5.2,
Pied Piper appears to have just doubled
the best Weissman score ever measured.
Doubled it!
Pied Piper, ladies and gentlemen!
Let's hear it for them!
Holy shit!
Hey, I'm at TechCrunch.
This kid Hendricks and Pied Piper
just ran a two minute mile.
We should get on this, now.
Suck it, Gavin Belson!
Hendricks, you beautiful bastard!
I told you we'd do it! Come on!
We're not going to be poor!
What happened? What happened? What happened?
Uh, we just won the cup!
And I don't think it comes as any shock
that the winner of this year's Disrupt Cup
and $50,000,
like they're going to need it,
is Pied Piper.
So Richard wrote the code?
Richard wrote the code, yes,
but the inspiration was clear.
Let me ask you something.
How fast do you think you could
jack off every guy in this room?
'Cause I know how long it would take me.
And I can prove it.
- Nice. - Thank you so much.
I don't fully understand it
but I would definitely like to invest.
- Oh, great. - Really impressed.
I really want to get you in front of my partners.
- Really soon. - Oh wow. I appreciate that, guys.
Well, hopefully we'll talk to each other soon.
- Thanks. - Thanks.
Monica!
Congratulations! You were amazing up there.
- Thank you. - I just spoke with Peter.
He watched the live-stream via satellite
and said he was "not unpleased".
Oh, yeah, that's great.
So I guess we're back to working together, huh?
Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.
It's gonna get pretty insane for you, Richard.
- Yeah. - You're going to have more offers of funding
- than you're going to know what to do with. - Yeah.
You're going to have to grow a business,
hire a staff, rent offices, get an assistant.
Peter is going to be a lot more hands on
and a lot tougher on you.
People may take credit for your idea
and try to sue you.
- How awesome is that? - Uh... yeah, that's awesome.
I mean, if you thought it was crazy getting to this point,
you're not going to believe what it turns into from here.
- Right. - I mean pretty soon, you could be managing
thousands of employees who are all looking up to you.
Gavin Belson, he's not going away anytime soon.
But it's going to be amazing.
Excuse me a second.
Oh, Jesus.
