Fuck. Yeah, it doesn't matter.
You okay there, Richard?
Uh, yeah, I'm fine.
Sorry, I can't really throw it any slower.
Give it another cut, Richard.
No, I'm fine. I don't want to.
Maybe someone else wants to. Who's next?
If someone has to go, I'll go,
but it seems very frightening.
You sure? You got us for the whole hour.
Anyone? Would it hurt your feelings if no one went?
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the Annual Stern-Taylor fall classic.
I'd like to start by making a toast
to our very special guest tonight,
Richard Hendricks.
Richard, after your perfect game
at Techcrunch Disrupt a few weeks ago,
we fell in love with you and your tech.
Look, we know everyone in the Valley is after you,
and we know that you're probably going to go with Peter Gregory,
but we'd love to have you come play on our team.
Let Stern-Taylor Capital Fund in on your series A financing,
because together, Richard, we'd be...
a home... run!
- Oh, right. - What do you say, Richard?
I'll-- I'll do what I can.
All right.
Have fun, everybody.
I don't know, man. It's starting to feel weird
letting all these firms suck up to us,
even though we're not gonna take their money.
Richard, Peter Gregory
hasn't officially given us the term sheet yet.
Yes, but he will tomorrow when he gets back.
If you can't enjoy this many people
kissing our ass at this level,
then I feel sorry for you.
Would you just relax and take it in for a second?
I mean, we are getting our dicks sucked at the At&t Park.
We're standing on the field of the World Series Champions.
- It's totally lost on me. - Yeah, I don't give a shit, either.
I'm Nicole Stein.
I lead the growth team at Stern-Taylor.
- Oh, I'm Dinesh. - I'm Gilfoyle.
I love it. So what do you two do at Pied Piper?
I'm the CTO.
Ha ha, he's joking. I'm the CTO.
Fuck you, I'm joking.
Okay, how could you be the Chief Technology Officer?
I get it. You hear the word "Chief,"
and you think "Indian Chief."
But you're the other kind of Indian.
Okay. One, fuck you. I'm Pakistani.
And two, how could you be CTO of anything?
You have to be able to organize,
you have to be able to delegate, and you have to be--
I delegate you to go get me a fucking beer
while I talk to Nicole.
George Silver,
Operating Partner at Stern-Taylor.
So, what do you do at Pied Piper?
He's the CTO.
That's Drew Houston.
We've been circling each other for the last 20 minutes.
The Winklevoss twins.
Look at them. They're like two genetically enhanced Ken dolls.
Do you know how much bitcoin they're worth?
Oh, shit, they're splitting up.
Cameron's the left dominant one, right?
I can't tell them apart.
I'm gonna come at him from the right side,
try and herd them back together without spooking them.
Watch this. Cameron! Cameron!
Okay. Well, well, well, look who's the big swinging dick.
Hey, Javeed, everything okay at Goolybib?
You gotta ask them. They canned me.
- What? - Yeah, our investors got spooked
by a possible down round,
so they shoved an acquisition down my throat.
Yeah, an acquisition of $200 million, right?
Yeah, they all made out.
I had a reverse vest with no triggers,
then I lost all my shares when they fired me.
I blew my whole signing bonus renting that house.
I'm looking into suing 'em.
- Jeez. - Look, all I can say is,
don't get fucked, all right?
You take money from the wrong dudes,
and you'll get smoked as bad as I did.
Just be careful. Everyone is watching you now.
Yeah. Totally. I know. Thanks, Javeed.
No, I mean they're watching you right now.
Oh yeah.
Damn it. Where is that camera?
I can't believe how many gifts we're getting.
Gifts I'm getting.
That Oculus rig is addressed to the CTO.
No, I'm the CTO.
As your superior, I order you to give me that Oculus.
You can't make me do stuff. You're not the boss of me.
- Actually, I am the boss of you. - Okay.
Richard, tell him I'm CTO.
You already told that fat guy that I'm the CTO.
Stop, stop, stop. Please stop.
I have a ton of work to do. You have work to do.
Maybe let's do the work instead of that.
Jared, we were supposed to get a term sheet today.
Have we heard from Peter Gregory?
- Peter Gregory is dead. - What?
Holy shit.
He was the smartest, shrewdest...
strangest man I've ever known.
I can't believe that he's gone.
Can I asked what happened?
Yeah. He was...
in the Serengeti on safari...
and he had just gone into his tent
when a hippo wandered into the camp.
He was attacked by a hippo?
No, I guess the hippo started to charge
when the guide grabbed his rifle and shot at it, but...
his aim was off, and...
And he shot Peter Gregory by accident?
- Yeah. - No, he-- he missed...
but I guess the sound of the gun startled Peter, who...
ran out of his tent and...
Ran right into the hippo?
No, the hippo was also startled by the noise
and had run off prior to Peter exiting his tent.
So, what happened to Peter?
He hadn't run in a long time,
maybe ever, and you know, he just...
that was it.
Oh, that is so... very strange.
- Very sad and tragic. - Very sad and strange.
See ya.
Man, that is so weird.
I mean, one minute peter gregory is here,
the next, he's just gone.
Jared, it's Erlich.
I need you to set up all the other VC meetings, ASAP.
Line 'em up nuts to butts.
What are you doing? Monica just said they're still gonna fund us.
We should just sit tight.
Look, I loved Peter Gregory
maybe even more than he loved me,
but there's something you need to know here,
Something that Monica isn't exactly volunteering up,
And that's all of these one-man firms have a key man clause.
- Do you know what that means? - No.
It means that now that Peter Gregory is gone,
All the Raviga investors have the contractual right
to cash out and walk away,
which means that by the end of the day,
there may not be a Raviga.
- Seriously? - Yes, so we have to prepare for that.
Now, I know that it makes me sound like a terrible person,
but we have a company to run.
And do you know who the first person to agree with me would be?
Peter Gregory.
And that is the very first spot
in our new campaign heralding the upcoming release
of Nucleus this January at CES.
- Any questions? - I have a question.
That was horrible. I just got humiliated by a fucking teenager
at techcrunch disrupt,
and you give me this tampon ad?
- A girl with diabetes on a swing? - I think she has cancer.
At least that's how I read it.
I don't care what kind of disease she had!
All I care about is that Nucleus is better than Pied Piper.
Hendricks just left us all in the dust.
If we get this wrong,
we could blow the business opportunity of a lifetime!
Data creation is exploding.
With all the selfies and useless files
people refuse to delete on the cloud,
92% of the world's data
was created in the last two years alone.
At the current rate, the world's data storage capacity
will be overtaken by next spring.
It will be nothing short of a catastrophe.
Data shortages, data rationing, data black markets.
Someone's compression will save the world from data-geddon,
and it sure as hell better be Nucleus and not goddamn Pied Piper!
I don't know about you people,
but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else
makes the world a better place better than we do.
"Data-geddon", is he married to that, or...
there's just been a lot of "Geddons" lately?
That's true. "Snow-mageddon", "Car-mageddon".
There's that movie "Armageddon."
Laurie, you wanted to see me?
Monica, come in, come in. I'm sure you've heard by now
that I've been named our new managing partner.
Yes. Congratulations.
Did the limited partners tell you how they made their decision?
They looked at the portfolio performances
of each of the senior partners over the last several funds,
And my numbers were, objectively, the most favorable.
Therefore, I was selected.
Yeah, it's just managing partner
is all about meeting with people and interacting with people.
You can sit down if you want to. Do you want to?
Or should we stand?
- Uh, I-- whatever-- - I'm standing...
- Okay... - But you don't have to.
- Okay. - Would it make you feel awkward to sit?
I'm okay to stand.
- Monica... - Of course.
Peter gregory is dead.
Yes, I know.
On a personal note, his death is very sad.
But on a professional level, it's untenable.
I've been reviewing his files.
He was pursuing a number of extremely dubious positions.
Are you aware
that we own a $30 million ostrich farm in Morocco,
or that we are the majority stakeholders in three companies
that specialize in invisibility?
This box is filled with napkins covered with notes
detailing Peter's conviction that
genetically-modified cranberry fungus would become the next cotton.
- That-- that one I remember. - Yes.
Monica.
Peter Gregory is dead.
- Yes. - We need to seem competitive, now more than ever,
to our investors as well as to the industry at large.
Well, I mean, Pied Piper is probably
the hottest early investment in town right now,
- and we have them. - Do we?
But why then are they speaking to other firms
- about investing in their Series A? - No, no, I just told them
to sit tight for a day or two until we sorted things out.
It seems that that advanced a sense of uncertainty,
and now we're at risk of losing their round.
This could jeopardize the firm
and, by extension, your career here,
Monica, as an associate partner.
- Well, I guess I was just kind of in shock. - Monica...
Peter Gregory is dead.
Yes. I know.
This is great.
Do you know how many times I've gone into these rooms
with nothing but a half of an ass in my hand?
We're walking in there
with three-foot cocks covered in Elvis dust.
- Really? - Richard Hendricks? They're ready for you.
- This is a fucking layup, guys. - Okay, let's do this.
Not you, Jared.
Now, with proper funding, we should be able to put together
a functioning beta in time for CES
and compress Nucleus out of the marketplace.
Yeah.
I don't know.
You don't-- what?
It just doesn't seem worked out to me.
Well, I mean, it was worked out enough to win TechCrunch Disrupt.
Yes, and congratulations, you won 50 grand,
but you're asking us for 200 times that.
Richard, look, we all know about your amazing...
compression rate, but let's not be naive here.
You can't expect to just throw money at an algorithm
and beat one of the largest tech companies in the world.
So why don't you rework this a little
and come back in with a little more?
Maybe next week?
- And? - That was really weird.
I guess we don't have as much Elvis dust on us as I thought.
You see? This is why I wanted to go with Peter Gregory.
This is bullshit. That guy throws this huge party for us,
and then acts like he doesn't even want us?
I fucking hate parties. And he's just,
"Come back next week when you have more."
More? More than 5.2 on Weissman?
No. No.
Fuck that guy. Fuck this place. Fuck this whole place.
- Watch me fuck this place. - No, wait! Wait, wait!
Remember when you told me to come back when I had more?
And then I said I would? Well, I'm not going to.
Ever. This doesn't count. OK?
I'm covered in dust. I'm a three-foot dick.
And I've got half an ass to go to some other company
who's never gonna put me on a Jumbotron
or throw balls at me.
Bye.
Are you feeling unwell? Do you need protein?
I don't know what happened.
Between Peter dying and Raviga maybe being gone,
I just-- I just wanna get funded and build Pied Piper.
I hate this part.
Well, if one thing is for sure...
If we're gonna get any traction, I need to step up my game.
It's an email from Ron Laflamme.
"Just got a term sheet from Stern-Taylor.
"They offered five million
"at 25 million post-money valuation.
"More than I thought."
Shit. They were negging us.
- Negging? - Negging is going negative.
It's a manipulative sex strategy used by lonely chauvinists.
See, everybody wants us. By shitting all over us,
they try and bring our price down,
but you shitting all over them
counteracted them shitting all over us.
You negged a neg. Richard, this could be good.
- Where do we have next? - Ross-Loma Capital.
Should I keep doing it? Should I keep negging?
No, no, I'll handle this.
If they want to negotiate using hostility and rudeness...
Well, they picked the wrong guy.
well, you see, our main concern
is how you're going to
achieve escape velocity on your growth rate...
...hit critical mass.
I'm sorry. What-- what's funny?
It's just that painting behind you.
It's awful.
It looks like harlequin Kama Sutra done poorly.
So, I agree,
bad culture fit.
- I think we all just move on. - Look,
I didn't say anything about a culture fit.
No, I did.
Okay. Well...
Thank you for meeting with us.
We have a bunch of these things to go to,
hopefully with more tasteful artwork,
and your logo looks like a sideways vagina.
I find that to be racist, don't you?
- Okay, here's my concern-- - Here's my concern--
Who the hell picked out that shirt for you?
- What? - Oh, I see.
With the pants, so I guess it's a whole...
- thing. - My wife picked these out.
Then you married poorly.
Do you care about Pied Piper?
Do I care about Pied Piper? Well, of course.
'Cause if you do, I'm not seeing it.
In fact, what I think I'm seeing is the human equivalent
of a "flassid" penis.
"Flak-sid." It's actually pronounced "flak-sid."
Not a lot of people know that.
Well, we are definitely interested,
but I think we need to...
I'm sorry. Is something wrong?
No, this is... all wrong.
I am sensing a general lack of vision.
Your muffins smell like shit.
So do your ideas.
One of you is the least attractive person I've ever seen,
and I'm not gonna say who.
Should we leave or should you?
We just got offered eight at 40.
We're five for five, gentlemen.
And Galveston Capital Fund and Yountville Ventures called.
They want to move their meetings up before everyone else.
Hey, let me try. I want to be rude at this next one.
Go for it.
So, with some proper funding,
We should be able to get a functioning beta in time for CES.
And if you don't fund us,
you're a fucking slut.
Ah. What's that smell?
Is that a fart? You-- are you a farter?
Now, can I have a pastry? Or are you guys gonna eat 'em all?
'Cause you're gonna get fat.
It's not your fault, Richard.
This is just something that can't be taught,
so leave the next one to me.
I can feel a big one coming on.
- What are you gonna do? - I'm not sure yet,
but give me room.
There's something inside of me that has to come out,
and who am I to stop it?
His balls?
He put his balls on the table?
- Right on the table. - On purpose?
I don't see how it could be by accident.
Richard, I just got an email from the guys at Midland-Oak.
Apparently, there is a line, and I crossed it--
The line between $12 and $15 million!
Ba-bam! Midland-Oak's offer just came in.
Gentlemen, we are valued at 75 million,
fully diluted.
- Are you shitting me? - Take a look at these term sheets.
There is a linear correlation between how intolerable I was
and the height of valuation.
Hey, you guys. This is Laurie Bream,
the new managing partner at Raviga.
Hi. I'm Richard Hendricks.
Yes. I recognize you from your photograph.
It's very nice to meet you in person.
Yeah. Okay, so we did that.
Gentlemen, I am aware of the degree of interest
you are receiving from other firms.
I am aware that participation in your series a will require
a very competitive offer,
but for numerous reasons,
I believe it to be the prudent decision.
Now I am
presenting you with this.
20 million at $100 million valuation?
I don't, uh... This is way more than any other offer.
Correct. That is very much intentional.
So, I believe that satisfies your requirements?
Monica will arrange a time to formalize the details.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Uh, thank you.
Yes.
Yes.
Congratulations, guys. I am so glad--
oh, shit. She's my ride home.
- I'll call you, Richard. - Yeah, okay.
Thanks for stopping...
Wait! Laurie, hold on!
Guys, I think we're funded.
- Yes! Richie! - Oh, yeah!
So, I push my dick to the side, unbutton the bottom buttons,
and bam!
- Ah! What are you doing? - Shit. Sorry, sorry. Sorry.
Meet me on the side of the house.
- I... - Okay. Okay. Go.
- Hey. - Hey, what's up?
If anyone finds out that I came back here,
I will get fired, okay?
Okay.
- Don't take this deal. - What?
You are worth half that at best.
Oh. Wow. Thanks for the compliment.
No. The credit to you guys. You negotiated your asses off,
but this is a classic runaway valuation.
What's wrong with that?
Pied Piper will be tied to this crazy valuation
that you will never be able to live up to.
If you don't keep increasing in value in the next round,
If you have a down round, you are fucked.
It is the kiss of death for a young CEO.
You want to start with a realistic valuation
and grow at a reasonable pace.
Okay, well, if it's such a shitty deal,
then why did your boss offer it to us?
Because she's as competitive as hell.
She needs Pied Piper to keep Raviga afloat, Richard.
Okay. Look, I respect Laurie,
but this is the exact type of thing Peter never did.
Richard, come on. I own shares in Pied Piper.
If this high a valuation was good in the long-term,
would I be standing here, risking my job?
Don't take our offer. Maybe go with the lowest offer you got.
Even that might be too high.
Again, thank you for the compliment.
Also... I didn't see anything
- In there. - No. Yeah, thank you.
I was gonna say if you had, you'd have to show me yours, too.
Okay. Okay. Thanks for the...
Yeah, sorry about that party.
I was in kind of a bad way that night.
And truth is... I'm actually doing okay.
- Good. That's great. - Yeah.
I mean, I could run the scenarios about what happened all I want,
but... I finally just realized
- there's just nothing I could do, you know? - Yeah.
So... I'm at peace with it all.
I was thinking, actually...
what if you had asked for less?
- What? - Well, what if you could've gone to someone
and asked for less than what they offered that first round?
You mean, like, negotiating them down?
- Yeah. - Can-- can you even do that?
- Well, yeah. I mean, why not? - Yeah, but...
I mean, I guess, technically, I could have...
Yeah, I suppose you could argue that it might've been easier
to hit more realistic benchmarks
- and reach cash flow break-even. - Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
And then...
we wouldn't have faced that down round...
And... We...
wouldn't have had to settle for acquisition.
All that money...
- fucked me. - Wow. I mean, I don't know about...
- Shit! - Maybe.
- Look-- - Hey. No, no, no. We could've done a legit series b.
Right? I'd still be CEO.
I'd have my job,
My kick-ass house.
I'd probably still have my girlfriend...
And...
- Fuck! - Okay.
Why the fuck didn't anyone tell me I could take less?
I don't know. I don't know.
- Ideas come up and then... - Fuck!
I'll take a cab, so I'll leave you to it.
Thanks for meeting me.
Fuck!
Richard.
Richard, I'm Laurie Bream.
I was inside your home yesterday.
Have you made a decision regarding our proposal?
Uh, yeah, yeah, we'll go with you guys,
but we need to renegotiate the terms.
Oh, I'm afraid that's untenable.
We're offering as much money as we can.
No, no, we wanna go lower. We want less--
A lot less, actually.
We'll go with Raviga if you guys do
10 million at a 50 million valuation,
not 20 at 100.
I think this is more reasonable,
and it's my final offer. Take it or leave it.
I was not anticipating this,
but I think it will be workable from our end.
And one more thing-- Monica votes for Raviga's board seat.
Certainly that seems unimportant.
I will telephone your lawyer tomorrow,
- and we can speak about the relevant details. - Good.
Peter was one of the few who genuinely took action
to use technology to help humanity thrive.
But how exactly can we quantify
another human's contributions to mankind?
Let's break it down into its three component elements.
I met peter when he was
thinking about investing in my company, Zetasphere,
although I think he was hesitant
after his disappointing initial return from Snapchat.
He came onboard, anyway, and every month we would meet.
Peter was always an honest man,
and I know that if Peter were here with us today,
he would say that he was not disappointed in Snapchat,
and he would forgive you, Lev, for your misunderstanding.
That's just the kind of guy that Peter was--
warm, generous,
and not disappointed in Snapchat.
I'll never forget the first time I met peter.
It was in his mom's garage,
where we started our first business together--
Manufacturing VGA graphics cards for IBM clones.
We never looked back.
And you know, the last time I saw him,
it was at a restaurant,
not a half-mile away from that same garage.
We talked as old friends do.
He asked me about Jackson Hole,
I asked him about... Pilates.
And yet... something was wrong.
Underneath it all, there was an unmistakable tension.
A tension I will forever regret.
it's no secret Peter and I had our differences.
We let business get between us.
Now?
Now I wish I could say I'm sorry for that.
It's too late. He's gone,
and it makes me realize the importance of forgiveness,
of doing things with love and compassion in your heart,
and not vengeance and competition.
I mean, we owe that to each other, don't we?
And to him?
After all, this valley is the place Peter himself helped build.
Where we come together as dreamers,
all of us, to truly make the world a better place.
This is Florence during the Renaissance.
This is camelot.
This is the place Peter
himself called "The Cradle of Innovation".
I will miss my friend.
Bye, Pete.
Maybe he is a human, after all.
Jeez. I'm sorry.
It's from Ron Laflamme.
"Gavin Belson is suing you.
"Filed claims today that you stole Pied Piper from Hooli."
Shit.
Gavin Belson is suing us.
How can Gavin Belson claim that he owns Pied Piper?
I mean, this whole lawsuit is insane, right?
Well, let me ask you something, Richie--
And I need you to be totally straight with me--
Was Pied Piper related in any way
to what you were doing when you were working at Hooli?
No. No, not at all.
I was doing quality assurance for mobile messaging.
It had nothing to do with compression.
They didn't even have a Compression Division at that time.
And did you work on Pied Piper on Hooli time
or use Hooli equipment to develop it in any way
at any time, Richie?
No, and no.
Great. And by the way,
Always tell me that... and tell yourself that.
Because if you believe it, a jury will, too.
Oh, I-- I do believe it. It's the truth.
Great. That one was even better than the other one.
I love it. Always say it exactly like that.
Yeah, okay. Look...
we're going to win this, right?
Richie, if what you just told me is the truth--
and don't tell me if you lied--
Gavin's got nothing here.
This is a classic intimidation lawsuit
designed to freeze you until after Nucleus comes to market.
It's got all the usual boiler played nonsense,
"breach of contract," "unjust enrichment,"
"breach of non-solicitation"
in the hiring of someone named Donald Dunn.
Jared. We call him Jared.
Changing his name to get out of it-- clever but irrelevant,
because all we care about are the intellectual-property claims.
And we will win this...
- Good. - But we're going to have to lawyer up.
What do you mean? Aren't you our lawyer?
I'm not a litigator. That's what you need.
Another lawyer? Really?
Lawyers, Richie. You don't want to mess around here.
A young start-up with an ip lawsuit hanging over its head?
I wouldn't want to be a part of that team.
Well, but you are a part of that team.
I'm part of the team that team is on.
Yeah. It's-- it just sounds really expensive.
Says the guy who just got bukkaked with fat term sheets.
Welcome to the business, Richie.
Look, wherever we're at with your funding,
legal fees will be worked into the deal.
You've got Raviga. You're covered.
Relax.
"We're out"? What do you mean, "we're out"?
Was it not clear from the context?
We at Raviga are out of the business of funding Pied Piper,
at least while the Hooli lawsuit remains unresolved.
That suit is total nonsense.
Nonsense is not a quantifiable metric, Monica.
Risk is.
Funding any early-stage company is a high-risk proposition,
but compound that uncertainty with a legal cloud
over the company's intellectual property, and it's untenable.
And that is just the financial risk. There is also a legal risk.
We could become embroiled in Gavin Belson's lawsuit
for aiding and abetting.
And there is a political risk... for the firm,
but especially for me as its new leader.
I'm being heavily scrutinized from both within and without.
I cannot have my first decision post-Peter
be one with such dubious fundamentals.
It's a rudimentary decision.
How am I supposed to tell them this?
In my experience, it's best to look a person in the eye
and deliver the information with warmth and compassion.
Okay.
One other suggestion--
dress unattractively when you tell them.
I read a study. The less sexual interest they feel for you,
the less perturbing it will be. It sounds strange,
but it's credible.
May I suggest the-- the beige ensemble
in which you came to work... Tuesday?
Things are just really different at Raviga,
and I had nothing to do with the decision.
Guys, I'm so, so sorry.
Wait, so the company that offered us the most
until Richard talked them into offering us the least
is now offering us nothing?
But the fact that you're so sorry makes it all better.
You guys will be fine. You'll find someone else.
We don't want someone else, Monica.
The whole point of going with you guys
was because we trust you guys.
- Trusted. - We still have our 5% stake,
And Laurie said that I can still sit on the board,
which means I can still come to meetings--
Can I say something here?
First off, Monica, you're not fooling any of us for even a second
with your dress-shitty- to-ease-the-pain routine.
It's a classic chick break-up move,
and you're not very good at it either. You look great.
Yeah, beige is a good color for you.
You're a true Autumn.
Secondly, who cares?
We have a three-foot stack of term sheets
from the top VCs on the face of the planet.
So the top one fell out. As Jay-z says,
on to the next one.
Jared, who's our next best offer?
Uh, between the numbers and the reputation,
that would be Coleman Blair Partners.
I'm gonna go put my face on.
Call Coleman Blair.
Tell them that Santa Claus is coming early this year,
and he's bringing a big bag of Pied Piper.
Well, I'm going to leave this room without saying goodbye to you.
I'm sure you can find your way out with one of your two faces.
Sorry about that.
The guys are just a little emotional.
No, I-- I get it.
And look, I probably shouldn't say this,
but there are a lot of really great VCs in town.
You'll be fine.
- I just... - Just what?
Just tell them that you're really excited
to be in business with them
and try to close quickly.
You know, while momentum is still on your side.
Well, it's gonna break a lot of hearts on Sand Hill Road,
but congratulations.
We decided to go with you.
Uh, we were told that you were going with Raviga.
And I am happy to say that is no longer the case.
We're really excited to be in business with you guys.
Can I ask-- did you walk away from them,
or did they walk away from you because of the lawsuit?
Ah, that lawsuit we know to be frivolous.
Yeah.
Is that a "Yes" folder?
No.
So no pastries today, huh?
So both Raviga and Coleman Blair Partners
passed because of the lawsuit?
Frivolous suit. It's nothing.
Well, it's not nothing.
Look, before we start negging each other...
- Negging? - It's a term used in sexual manipulation.
Maybe not relevant here.
We're really excited to be in business with you guys.
We actually see this lawsuit as a positive.
We will win, and it proves
that we have something worth suing over.
And yet Raviga, Coleman Blair Partners,
and Wood Opal Fund have all passed.
We're really excited to be in business with you guys.
You know term sheets aren't legally binding documents, right?
Of course not.
They're just guidelines that people follow,
Unless, of course, they're pussies.
You came in here three days ago.
You were arrogant, condescending, and offensive.
Now you come in here, you call me a pussy--
I did not call you a pussy.
I said that people who break term-sheet agreements are pussies,
and that hasn't happened... yet.
Thus I haven't called you a pussy... yet.
You're in control of the situation.
Hooli has the unlimited resources to hamstring you
until Nucleus comes out, at which point,
they will be the market standard,
and you will be irrelevant.
We're here to invest in innovation,
not lawyers,
so let me be perfectly honest with you.
Your behavior
was boorish and juvenile...
You were rude, vulgar and uncouth.
You were course, graceless and puerile.
Obscene, insulting and ignorant.
Ignorant?
You called me a shit-riddled anal wasteland.
You called me a chode gargling fuck-toilet.
We're really excited to be in business with you guys.
Uh, guys, I hate to panic you
until I'm absolutely sure it's warranted,
But Richard just texted me. We got our seventh pass.
- Fuck. - Fuckin' Gavin Belson.
All the VCs turned on us.
Apparently, Erlich used some
pretty assertive vaginal metaphors last round,
so it's been a bit of an uphill climb.
I think we're going to have to crunch our burn-rate again.
Even with the $50,000 from TechCrunch,
we're not going to last very long.
Wait, wait, wait. No, no, no.
Richard said we were going to split that money, right?
- $10,000 each? - I don't think we can afford to do that anymore.
Fuck!
I just donated $5,000 to my cousin Wajeed's Kickstarter campaign.
He's trying to get an app called... Bro off the ground.
- Bro? - It's a messaging app that lets you send the word "Bro"
to everyone else who has the app.
So it's exactly like the "Yo" app.
Yes, but less original.
Why don't you just cancel your credit card?
That way Kickstarter can't collect your pledge.
Well, I would love to, but he looks up to me.
I was always like the cool cousin of the family.
You know what I mean?
- Wait. - So I can't...
Did you just say you were the cool cousin?
Yeah.
Please explain.
Well, when we were kids, I was the one getting good grades,
I was the one who was planning for my future.
I would bring gifts for my teachers, 'cause they worked so hard.
You know, cool stuff.
He was always getting in trouble,
he got caught smoking opium in the tool shed,
he crashed my uncle's motorbike.
And you think you're the cool one?
Yeah, it's different in Pakistan.
I've never been, but I know it isn't.
Oh, here it is-- "Bro to Bro
is a one-bit communication messenger,
the fastest way to speak your mind.
As long as what's on your mind is the word "Bro".
Well, he's still shy of his goal.
If he doesn't get there, none of the pledges get collected.
I feel horrible for what I'm about to say,
but I really hope he fails.
That is the first cool thing you've ever said.
You know what? This may not be an issue.
Richard and Erlich are heading into their last stop.
I trust Erlich can be diplomatic and pull it off.
A few days ago, I came in here,
and I did some things and said some things that I should not have.
Also we would like to be open about the fact that
Pied Piper is involved in a complicated legal matter
that could affect our potential value.
And that being said, we are open
to renegotiating the funding terms to reflect that.
But most of all, I want to thank you.
Thank you
for allowing me to come in here today
and be vulnerable and to apologize.
Mr. Bachman,
I didn't have you come all the way back here today
just to apologize to me.
Uh, please, it's Erlich. And... you didn't?
Of course not. I-- I asked you back
because three days ago I sat right here,
and I watched you put your testes on this reclaimed
Brazilian koa wood table,
and now you're going to sit there
and you're going to watch me do the same goddamn thing to you.
- What? What? - My turn.
- No-- but it's your table! - Yes, it is my table.
- Oh, man. - Good God!
Please don't do that.
I think you should cancel your Kickstarter campaign.
- Whoa, what? - Listen, I love your idea.
- You know I do, right, Bro? - Yeah. Bro?
Bro? Like, it lets you send the word "Bro"
to anyone else that has the app.
I know what it is. You've explained it to me so many times.
I love it, but you know, I'm not saying--
other people are, like, saying horrible stuff.
You know, I'm supporting you, and they're saying, like,
"Oh, he couldn't get funding, so he had to go to Kickstarter
like some charity case collecting money from strangers,
like a street beggar who sits on the ground, eats trash."
Really?
Yeah.
Look, just between us,
I was thinking about canceling, anyways,
because we're way, way under our goal.
Really? Really?
Like, embarrassingly low.
You know what?
- That sucks. - It does really suck.
But I think it's the right thing to do.
Well, you're right, we're...
'Cause you don't want bad word of mouth
to kill such a great idea.
Yeah, like with what happened to your app. Yeah.
What do you mean, what happened to my app?
Everybody started talking about how bad it was
and you ended up giving up.
I didn't give up. I left to go work on Pied Piper.
So you're saying, then, that if Pied Piper didn't happen,
you would still be working on your app?
Even though all those people just shit, like, all over--
like all of them.
You know what? You're right, you're right.
That's what makes you so cool,
that you have the fucking backbone to say that.
Fuck those people. Yeah,
Fuck 'em all.
- Fuck those people. - Fuck them.
I'm not going to cancel my kickstarter campaign. Fuck 'em.
Wait, hold on one second.
Yeah, no, you know what? You're right. Fuck them.
I'm not going to cancel it, and I'm going to throw
a huge kickstarter party.
I'm gonna invite everyone that I know,
and we're going to put Bro over the top.
Everybody, this guy is the coolest cousin!
Thank you for the $5,000, eh?
At least I have the common decency to shave mine.
Before you pull them out in public?
So you're complaining about the guy's sense of decorum?
Absolutely. We live in a society.
I can't believe we are this fucked.
Guys, something interesting just happened.
So I downloaded Wajeed's bro app out of curiosity
And found it very sticky.
I've never felt like I was anyone's bro before.
The only people who have used that term with me were assailants,
but, um, I started bro'ing people and getting bro'ed back.
This is my nightmare.
And all of a sudden, I'm bros with all kinds of people,
including a guy from 'Branscomb Ventures.'
Branscomb? That's a solid shop.
Yes. So we bro'ed about this and that,
and then when he heard I worked at Pied Piper,
he got excited, he triple-liked my "Bro,"
and asked about meeting us.
Okay, but does he know about the lawsuit?
Yeah, I told him. I mean, you know what they say,
- "Bros disclose." - No one says that.
Wait, doesn't Branscomb already have its own compression play?
Yeah, but not a good one, apparently.
I mean, they want to sit down with all of us, engineers included.
That only happens in a second or third meeting.
Technical due diligence. That's good.
Okay, Jared, what-- what did you tell him?
Um, I was waiting a bit to "Bro" him back,
so that I don't seem over-eager.
Bro him back! Bro him back.
Bro him.
We're not dead yet, guys.
Well, get some sleep, my bros.
I'll set the meeting, and, um,
then I'll go find some hoes to prioritize behind you.
Are you trying to say "Bros before hoes"?
It's sexist, but it's about friendship.
Middle-out is based on a completely new probabilistic model.
It finds long-range structure that's hidden
even to domain-optimized algorithms.
I'm sorry, is-- is this too in the weeds?
Not at all. Take us into the weeds.
Wouldn't you rather hear our go-to-market strategy?
You mentioned something earlier about
stacking middle-out on top of another compression algorithm.
How does that even work?
I mean, you can't compress
something that's already compressed to entropy.
Right?
Uh, I don't really get too
many of those questions in meetings like these.
But, uh, it's actually easier if I-- if I show you.
- May I? - Absolutely.
Okay, great. Here-- here I go.
Stacking middle-out is actually very real.
- Let's take-- - Do you have to pee, Jared?
- Because I have to pee. - So, when you unpack...
I would love to pee.
down to the symbolic level.
There. When you stack middle-out...
- They're brain-raping us, right? - They definitely are.
Shit. All right, wait here.
What are you doing?
I told you I didn't have to go pee. What is happening?
Those guys are never going to fund us. We need to leave now.
What are you talking about? This is going great.
I mean, VCs are never
interested in how middle-out actually works.
Of course they're interested, because they want to steal it.
This is a classic brain-rape.
- What? - We did it at Hooli all the time.
We'd schedule meetings with companies,
so they'd explain their technology,
then we'd use their ideas in our products.
- Like what happened to Yelp. - Yes.
It's like when somebody says they want to go birding with you,
but really they just want to get you alone in the woods,
so they can take your binoculars.
Look, those guys aren't doing technical due diligence.
They're not even consultants. They're a compression company.
One of them has braces, for fuck's sake.
- Braces! - Shit.
Dinesh and Gilfoyle are still in there.
Middle-out doesn't restrict itself to
H.264's two-dimensional grid
or time-bound patterns at all.
This is great. Great.
You know, they usually don't
bring us to these things, and I think I know why.
It's 'cause we steal the show.
You guys are really helpful.
All right, shut it down. Meeting over. We're out of here.
No more pictures, assholes.
- I could email you... - Why is this not coming off?
No, you're not emailing anybody.
Damn it, Jared.
We were bros. We were bros.
Yo, yo, yo, just want to thank everyone
for coming out to this Kickstarter party for bro,
The app that proves that you can change the world
in just one word!
Actually, it's just half a word.
I know. It's so efficient.
As you can see, we're just $5,000 away from our goal.
But we got a whole hour left, people.
So let's get those "Bronations" Going.
Donations are funny, right?
I mean, why would anybody donate to something like Bro
and not a homeless shelter or schools?
Cancer? That's still out there.
Any of us could have it.
Food for thought...
which a lot of people also don't have.
Have a great party, guys.
You could donate if you want,
but he's throwing away half the world's market.
You know what "Bro" means in mandarin?
It means "Asshole."
You know what "Bro" means in Portuguese?
"Rapist."
In Latvian, it roughly translates to
"One who beheads the Messiah."
In Finnish, "Bro" means "A baby's erection."
In Urdu, "Bro" is actually short for...
which means "A dildo for a man."
A man's dildo.
"Fecal eclipse."
It loses something in translation.
We don't have a word for it. They do.
It's "Bro."
You know what "Bro" means in Navajo?
A really joyful person with mental disabilities.
All right, less than a minute to go, people.
And we're just two grand away.
Come on, you can do it, come on.
That's that I'm talking about!
$500 from "Gilfoyle-underscore-luci4."
Where you at, bro?
Wherever you're at, you're my bro.
Looks like I got here just in time, bro.
What the fuck did you do that for?
Do you know how this works?
If you put him over the edge, we both owe him money?
But you have to pay a lot more.
30 seconds left!
I'm effectively leveraging your misery.
Somebody! Anybody!
I'm like the Warren Buffett of fucking with you.
- $1100! Come on, bros. - You're a dick.
Only $1100 left. I might be good for that.
- Gilfoyle, please. - I'll tell you what.
You pay me $500, and I won't pledge anymore.
For 500 bucks, you save $5,000.
I'm not giving you a dime.
- Nine, eight, seven... - Okay, I'm pledging.
No. Stop. 500. It costs 500.
- Let me-- - Stop it. 500.
- Okay. - Three, two...
It doesn't matter. It's not like he's going to make his--
What the fuck?
Yes, yes, yes! We did it! Who was it?
That's not how that was supposed to go.
Mika! Mika, I love you, you Mika!
Who is that... tall Asian woman?
Some woman that Wajeed is fucking.
She was in the Olympics.
He really is the cool cousin.
Even with the 50 grand we got at TechCrunch,
we've only got a few weeks
left of runway before we crash and burn.
Richard, if it makes you feel any better,
I put that Branscomb guy in his place.
I dropped him from Bro,
but not before I sent one final angry "Bro."
What do you mean? You can make them angry?
You can make "Bros" angry?
Well, he made this bro angry.
But technically, no, the "Bro" I sent was identical
to the previous "Bros" I sent,
but I think he'll infer the anger from context.
This is Ron on the phone. I gotta take it.
Yeah, okay.
- Hello, ron. - Hey, Richie.
I gotta bounce on over to my mind-body thing,
but I just wanted to give you the good news.
I got you a top-shelf litigator.
Yeah, uh, we should probably discuss that.
You're gonna sweat me about the cost, right? Don't.
I hammered them on their fee. They're going to bring it way down.
Okay, so how much?
This whole thing is going to cost you
2, 2.5 million tops.
- What? - I know, right. It's like it's free.
I told you, I pay for myself.
So I'm going to need you
to head on down to their offices tomorrow at 10:00 am.
You slap an 80k retainer on them,
and we are good to go.
Oh, shit.
I-- okay, I actually have another call, so...
I'll get out of your pubes.
I'm emailing you intros to the guys you're meeting tomorrow.
Later.
Hello?
Oh, uh, hello.
Yes, uh-huh.
Sure, just me?
Okay, what time?
Hello.
Richard. Thanks for coming.
What are we doing, Richard?
Lawsuits and lawyers?
You out there getting rejected by every VC in town?
Neither of us want this,
but maybe together we can find a way out.
Yeah, easy-- drop the lawsuit.
You know I can't do that.
I didn't steal Pied Piper from you,
and you know it.
Well, that's up to the courts to decide.
And until they do, you're frozen.
Meanwhile, my best engineers are working around the clock
to get me a middle-out algorithm that surpasses yours.
And in January when we have it and we come to market,
you won't just be frozen, you'll be dead.
You played your best hand, Richard, and you lost.
It's just business. So...
wouldn't you rather get something
out of Pied Piper while you still can?
Let me acquire you.
What? No way. Are you kidding me?
We should have just done this the first time.
I know you thought about it. It's the perfect fit.
You get my infrastructure, I get your speed,
and I get it today rather than in a month or two.
What's the downside?
The downside is that everything I'm building
becomes the property of your giant, soulless corporation.
And what exactly do you think you're building?
You're out there trying to get funding so you can hire people,
scale up, roll out a product, IPO,
and eventually become a publicly-traded what?
Corporation.
We would be different.
I see. I suppose once
Pied Piper is a billion-dollar company,
you'll seek out your competitors and help them.
Please. Let's face it.
What is Hooli if not the
best possible future version of Pied Piper?
You think you're building something different? No.
You're building something
that's exactly the same as what I've already built,
except with you instead of me,
but that's not possible now, Richard.
But you know what is?
We could build something together, you and me.
Something great. Something the world needs now.
Look, I don't have to do this.
I'm just trying to do the right thing here.
So what do you say?
You want to know what I say?
OK. Here's what I say...
This is a good buy-out.
It's way better than what Gavin offered before.
And our packages include nice salaries, cash earn-outs,
stock in Hooli,
which vests after only four years of working there.
I mean, this seems like a pretty good deal, right?
Hooli? You really think we'd go work for Hooli?
What the fuck is wrong with you, Richard?
What other options do we have?
We need serious funding
to go up against Nucleus,
and we don't have that.
- So, listen-- - I will listen
to the sound of you chortling on my balls.
- Okay. - Richard,
I'm an independent businessman.
Emphasis on "Independent."
And "Business."
And "Man," come to think of it.
Count me out.
Actually, you're not being offered employment at Hooli.
They give you a full buy-out.
How big?
Okay, maybe I'm not explaining this right.
I mean, when you hear Gavin Belson say it,
it sounds much clearer.
He saying, rather than put us out of business,
he'd prefer to just take us and make us part of his, um,
Hoo--
Okay, that does sound bad.
But you just had to be there, okay? He's very articulate.
Richard, you didn't leave your drink
unattended around Gavin, did you?
Yeah, you don't sound like yourself.
I'm fine. And for what it's worth,
Monica thinks this is the right thing for us to do.
What?
You told Monica about this before you told us?
I don't know, Gilfoyle.
I guess I thought Monica
would actually give this rational thought
as opposed to ordering me to chortle her balls.
Guys, Richard's right.
It's a pretty good deal, all things considered,
and Richard, I'd understand if you took it.
Thank you, Jared.
But Hooli was like an abusive spouse to me.
You know, like that guy who married Julia Roberts
in "Sleeping With The Enemy"?
It was dehumanizing.
But then, you, Richard, you pulled me out of the life
and you gave me hope and you gave me a sense of self-worth.
Like Richard Gere did
to Julia Roberts in "Pretty Woman."
This is weird.
Every day here has been like that shopping-spree scene.
- I'm putting on hats. - Okay.
Julia Roberts aside,
are you guys saying that you'd rather me let Pied Piper die?
'Cause that's what's going to happen if we don't take this deal.
Face it, Gavin has us cornered.
He has you cornered.
Yeah, we can just go work on our apps.
Sorry, I'm not going to go work for Hooli.
Same for me, except for the part about being sorry.
And this buy-out sucks. I'll have nothing to do with it.
If you're going to go at this one,
it sounds like you're going to have to go at it alone, hoss.
Okay, so if I go to Hooli,
you don't want your check?
Of course I want my check. What are you, insane?
But I think it's important for me to show my dissatisfaction
by walking out on you.
Richard, I'd understand if you took it,
but watching you end up over there would break my heart.
What, like Julia Roberts
from "My Best Friend's Wedding"?
I never saw it.
Richard Hendricks.
What's happening?
Russ Hanneman. True pleasure to meet you.
Oh, yeah, I think I recognize you from TV.
Yeah, you do.
Uh, how do you know who I am?
Good question. No reason I would.
But I watched your whole TechCrunch thing online,
twice.
That whole spazz thing you did--
that was fucking priceless.
So I called the Pied Piper number,
and somebody said you were heading over to Hooli.
The guy sounded like he was either Chinese or retarded.
Uh, Jian-Yang.
Yeah, I don't know what that means.
You know, Richard, back before I blew up,
I got fucked with, too.
You think you're the first guy to take this ride?
You're hot, you're sued,
then the guy suing you offers you a buy-out, am I right?
Wow, yeah, actually you're exactly right.
That's what's happening.
Like my ride?
They don't make it in this color. They did it just for me.
Guys in this town don't have the balls to drive a car like this.
They're billionaires and they drive fuckin' Priuses.
Why?
I think mainly, uh, just environmental concerns.
They're all lemmings, Richard. Everyone in this town is.
- Just look at them-- lemming, lemming. - Okay.
I scratched my car.
Must be the rivet in my pants. These are cool pants, too.
Fuck, that's a deep scratch. That will not buff out.
Motherfucker! Fuck it.
Let me ask you a question, Richard.
- Have you ever had beef? - Like, with someone, like fighting?
- No, the food. - Oh, yeah.
No, you haven't. Get in.
- Okay. - Giddy up!
- You in? -Almost.
- Let's do this, Richard. - Okay.
Shit. "D". Drive!
Come on, fuck you! Drive!
Which is why I counsel any young founder today
to pursue your dream not for profit or valuation
or material wealth, but for the good of humanity.
Which is easy for you to say, being a billionaire.
Let me change the subject. I have--
I don't care for your tone, Kara.
I'm getting a little tired of this bias
against the leaders of our industry.
I'm continually creating jobs and helping people,
and I'm tired of getting slapped for it.
I didn't steal the money I have,
and I resent being treated like I did.
You know, there is a climate in this country
that is very dangerous.
It's dangerous out there for billionaires?
There's that attitude again, Kara.
Billionaires are people, too.
We are leaders in technology,
in industry, in finance.
Look at history.
Do you know who else vilified a tiny minority
of financiers and progressive thinkers called the Jews?
Wait a minute. Did you just compare
the treatment of billionaires in America today
to the plight of the Jews in Nazi Germany?
Absolutely.
One could argue that billionaires
are actually treated worse.
And we didn't even do anything wrong.
We're an even smaller minority.
There's a lot more of them.
These are facts.
So then it hits me.
We take this thing called "The radio"
and put it on this new thing called "The Internet."
And no one was doing it. No one.
So we started hoovering up the deals.
Eat this, open your mouth. Open your mouth a bit.
Eat it, eat it. Don't chew, just let it dissolve.
- Hold. - This is very hot.
Hold.
It just think it's physically
impossible for it to dissolve in my mouth.
Now chew, chew, chew!
It's very hot. It's good, it's good.
Good? It's the fucking best. This whole place is.
You call this place and they don't know you,
they pretend they don't speak English.
You see a white face in here?
No, you don't.
Anyway, next thing you know, we IPO, stock triples in a day
and AOL gobbles us up.
All of a sudden, I'm 22 years young and I'm worth 1.2B.
Now a couple decades later,
I'm worth 1.4. You do the math.
Okay. Well, that's a gain of $200 million over 20 years.
Um, 16.66 repeating.
Uh, that's less than 1% return.
Inflation is, like, 1.7.
I think CDs are 2%.
So that's less than a CD.
Well, no one ever got laid putting money in the bank. Am I right?
Those bad boys right there, they're all you.
You gotta flip 'em over. That side's done.
Listen, Richard, I want to back you.
You build whatever the fuck you've got going in that crazy,
fucked-up, genius brain up there.
It's all up to you. I'm white glove, hands the fuck off.
Let's make you a billion dollars.
Let's make me a billion more. How's that sound?
You're not worried about the lawsuit?
Shit, no. I got three nannies suing me right now,
one of them for no reason.
So come on, let's do this.
Let's kick Gavin Belson's teeth in at CES.
And then when you're really worth something,
I'm gonna take you back to those same spineless VCs who said no,
and I'm gonna shove you right up their assholes.
Um, that's a very enticing offer.
And I wish I didn't have to do this Hooli thing,
but I should probably at least--
"Should"? No, no, Richard. Don't do what you should do.
Do what you want.
I mean, should I pay 800 bucks for that tiny piece of meat?
Of course not. But I do it anyway.
Because I want it.
Simple question, Richard-- what do you want?
Gentlemen, what's the update on the apps?
Or the "App-date," if you will?
I will not.
Here's my app-date-- I was excited to work on it,
and then I looked at it with fresh eyes.
Um, Wajeed was right. It's really shitty.
I don't know what the fuck I was thinking.
But I bought your pitch.
Yeah, you fucked up, too.
My app is still great.
But in the time that we've been dicking around with Pied Piper,
10 other apps that basically
do the exact same thing have come out.
Guys, if I list you as references,
can I count on you to say nice things about me?
Be honest.
Do you want me to be honest or nice?
What, did you get a parking ticket or something?
Yeah, I still can't see it. Could you use your mouth?
Uh, all right. Just read it.
$5 million?
Yeah, yeah. You guys are not going back to Hooli,
and neither am I.
How the fuck did you get that?
Russ Hanneman?
Oh, Monica, I see you got my text.
Are you out of your mind?
Uh, nice to see you, too, and, no, I'm not.
You're putting your entire future
in the hands of the man who put radio on the Internet?
I can only assume that he mentioned that to you.
It may have come up.
Oh, this guy.
That's the guy?
Yeah, that's-- that's the guy.
Does he actually smile like that with his upper and lower teeth
at the same time?
The guy is a joke.
- How does he even do that? - He's a boorish, pompous,
womanizing douchebag who got lucky, like, 20 years ago.
And hasn't done anything since then.
Sounds like Erlich.
Sounds like he knows who he is and he doesn't apologize for it.
So he's a joke. Who cares?
This joke is willing to give us $5 million
to fund Pied Piper.
And he doesn't own anything. This whole thing is a loan.
Yeah, the demand note is structured as a loan.
But he does have the option to take repayment
in the form of equity,
and he does get two board seats right off the bat.
Which means you won't get rid of him, ever.
If you succeed, he gets a huge chunk of Pied Piper
and if you fail, this lunatic
has ratchets to seize control of the company.
Love it or hate it, at least Hooli is a real company.
You should take their offer.
I should. I should.
But I'm tired of doing what I should do,
and I kind of want to start doing what I want to do.
And what I want to do is be a self-centered,
irrational asshole that doesn't compromise on anything,
at all, ever.
And when Pied Piper is a big fucking deal,
Russ is going to take us back to all those VCs who passed on us
and shove us right up their fucking assholes.
What?
Yeah, I don't want any part of that last bit.
It sounded-- it sounded better when Russ said it.
Again, I am not good at quoting in context.
It doesn't matter. I'm-- I'm going to--
I'm going to call Ron LaFlamme,
and I'm going to tell him that we're taking Russ's money.
Okay, so I'm supposed to tell Laurie Bream
that she is publicly co-invested
with Russ fucking Hanneman?
So you'd rather me sell my soul to Gavin Belson
than you just having an awkward conversation with your boss?
Oh, thanks, Monica.
The guy has calf implants, Richard.
How do they look?
Everyone on Twitter is saying I'm an anti-Semite.
- You were there. - I was.
And what I saw was an anti anti-Semite.
Hello? Did you hear from Hendricks?
What do you mean he went with someone else? Who did he go with?
Are you fucking kidding me?
- Russ Hanneman? - That's right.
The Russ Hanneman with whom I am familiar?
Yes.
That-- that is with whom they chose to go?
- Russ Hanneman? - Yes.
He's a vulgar human being.
He's utterly distasteful.
And it would not be inaccurate to say
that we at Raviga
are now co-investors
with Russ Hanneman.
I tried to talk him out of it.
I did, but...
You know what?
Peter used to say that every successful company
could look back at a defining moment early on
where they would have died
had it not been for the-- the courage
and the tenacity and maybe the insanity
of one visionary person who put it all on the line
even though it seemed like a huge mistake at the time.
A moment where all the metrics and the numbers
didn't mean anything. It was all about the emotion.
It was about belief, rational or irrational.
And I think-- I hope
that I just witnessed that.
I did not understand any of what you just said.
- None of it? - None of it.
I will not interact with Russ Hanneman in any way.
- Is that clear? - It is, Laurie.
I feel very strongly that you should have prevented this.
- This exchange is now over. - Okay, but I--
This exchange is now over, thank you.
Well, Richard?
Firstly, congratulations on finally being funded.
I hope you took a little time out to enjoy this moment
and celebrate. I certainly did.
- You did? - I did indeed.
I celebrated earlier this morning.
You did, this morning?
Oh, yeah.
But now it's down to business.
We have a huge amount of work to do
between now and January.
I know $5 million sounds like a lot of money,
but even if we set our burn-rate conservatively,
it's only going to last 18 months.
Litigation wipes out half our funds right off the bat.
And we have to stand up servers,
pay for financial and HR,
pay LaFlamme, and payroll alone is going to be pretty hefty.
Did you see the hiring proposals
that Dinesh and Gilfoyle submitted?
- No. - They're untenable.
Well, I need four web-app devs,
two front end, two back end.
I need a guy to turn your
ref code into a production-quality library.
I need two more guys to port the decompression libraries,
do Java script, iOS, Android,
and I need a few more guys to build out our APIs,
so I need all those guys.
Ditto. I need every one of those guys on my list.
Okay, it's just that there's-- that's 15 people each.
I mean, that's like an entire division at Facebook.
Fine, I could do it with 12.
I could do it with 11 because I'm a better leader than Dinesh.
Okay, great.
Good news. I got them to cut it down to 12 and 11.
A positive step,
but, um, we need to cut a little deeper.
Okay, well, what's the max
amount of people we can afford to hire for them?
- Three for each of them. - Three? Are you serious?
Can you just tell them?
Oh, I have, several times. But, um,
they just kept saying if I didn't waste so much money
at the butthole doctor, then we'd have enough money,
but I pay for all my medical out of pocket.
We can only afford to hire three people for each of you.
I'm sorry, but that's it.
Okay, that's fine. It works for me.
What?
If you could do it with three people, why didn't you just say so?
Because we're negotiating against each other.
No, we're not. We're on the same team.
We want the same thing.
Disagree. I just got you to give me three guys
for a job I could easily do with two.
God damn it.
Knock knock, who's there?
- This guy. - Hey, Russ, what's up?
- How are you? - I'm good. What brings you here?
I had to meet this lawyer and his fucking kid's sick,
so now I have a few hours to kill.
Did I see a McLaren 650 S
with the extra-trim package pull into the driveway?
- Or did I not? - Yep.
So this is the team.
Whoa. I'm just gonna say it.
This guy fucks. Am I right?
'Cause I'm looking at the rest of you guys,
and this is the guy in the house doing all the fucking.
Am I right? You know I'm right.
This guy fucks.
Thank you.
Hey, what's up, al-Qaeda?
No, I'm totally kidding. I'm diffusing the tension with humor.
What tension? There's tension?
No, of course not. Seriously, though, no beheadings, all right?
Russ Hanneman. How you doing, motherfucker?
Aw, man.
I want to know what kind of fucked-up childhood this guy had.
All right, fellas, what are we doing here?
Mr. Hanneman, I am Erlich Bachman.
I am the owner and proprietor of this house.
So I can give you a tour of the premises if you like,
show you where the actual fucking happens.
Nah, I'm good.
Listen, I don't want to disturb the flow.
I just wanted to check out the magic in action.
So I'm gonna grab a seat right over there.
Gonna be a fly on the wall.
I'm not gonna say a word.
We have a meeting that we were going to do,
so maybe we could do that?
It was nice to meet you, Russ.
So I think we'll actually save a lot of time
if we got on the same page in regards to the budget.
So what I need from you guys is to--
I'm sorry, do you really talk like that?
- Like what? - Like that.
I mean, this is-- this is my normal speaking voice.
Like right now, like how you're talking,
is that real?
This one? This-- this is real.
Wow. All right, yeah. Doesn't matter, go, go.
This is the same way as I was talking back there.
- Keep going. - Okay.
Okay, so I think, actually, if we went back closer to...
C Dog! What's up, homo?
- Our requests with an eye... - Nothing.
No, you should come here.
- Keep going, keep going. - Okay.
- That's more in line with... - What's the address here again?
I would just clear it with Erlich--
Hang on.
It's 5230 Newell Road.
Did you get that? Keep going, keep going.
- Okay, back to it. - Get a fucking pen. Go again.
- Say it one more time. - The address is--
- Go for it. - It's 5230 Newell Road.
Keep going. Did you get that?
I don't know. This fucker.
That little Hendricks prick fucked me over again.
I want this suit to be more than a holding action.
I want to win it. What can we do here?
Well, this lawsuit is going to be
a protracted and time-consuming ordeal.
But with our superior resources,
top litigators, we feel this gives us the advantage
over Pied Piper.
Translation?
Ultimately, the suit will turn
based on proving that Pied Piper
was created here at Hooli.
Now so far, concrete evidence of that is thin.
So thicken it!
Gavin, your visitors are here.
Ah, gentlemen! And lady.
Shalom Aleichem.
Thank you for coming today to open a dialogue.
Now if you'll follow me.
In an effort to hardwire
sensitivity into our corporate mind-space,
I'm having a scale replica of the Hall of Names at Yad Vashem
constructed right next to the bike shop.
Okay, so...
No, no, no, no, no! It's got to be afternoon. Afternoon.
No, no. Bring him, too.
Which Raoul? Lawyer Raoul?
Litigation and payroll are both capped.
SG&A, we still have a little wiggle room.
And we're going to punt...
Sir, you know you can turn the volume down on that.
Just on the side.
Where does that leave us?
Let's go open an IPA, huh?
I'm sorry, what? I couldn't hear you. Someone was talking.
What did you say? Keep going, keep going.
Right. Richard, one potential issue.
Our hosting fees could become a challenge as we scale.
Right, but we can offset a lot of that
once we get a few customers
and start a subscription-revenue model.
What? Revenue? No, no, no, no, no.
- No revenue. I'll call you back. - What?
Why would you go after revenue?
Because-- to make money.
No. If you show revenue,
people will ask "How much?"
And it will never be enough.
The company that was the 100xer, the 1,000xer,
becomes the 2x dog.
But if you have no revenue,
you can say you're pre-revenue.
You're a potential pure play.
It's not about how much you earn,
it's about what you're worth. And who's worth the most?
Companies that lose money.
Pinterest, Snapchat-- No revenue.
Amazon has lost money every
fucking quarter for the last 20 fucking years
and that Bezos motherfucker is the king.
- The king. - There's no revenue. No one wants to see revenue.
Go.
I just thought that mainly
the goal of companies is to make money.
Yeah, no, no, no. That's not how it works.
I don't want to make a little bit of money every day.
I want to make a fuck ton of money all at once.
ROI
ROI.
ROI. You know what that stands for?
- Uh, return on inv-- - Return on investment!
- No. Radio on Internet. - Internet.
Did you put radio on the Internet?
Uh, no.
So everything you just did, do the opposite.
So you want us to take files
and make them bigger?
That guy!
That guy is crazy. I love that guy.
Uh, you said that you were going to be hands-off.
Is that still happening?
Yes, please.
Do me a favor, make the right fucking decisions
and leave me the fuck out.
You think Corey wants to be here?
Corey, let's bounce. Come on.
- Uh, Richard? The check. - Right.
Um, Mr. Hanneman,
I think the bank had some issue with the check.
Uh, they said the funds are on hold for some reason?
Wait, you didn't try to cash that check, did you?
Did you try to cash that check I gave you?
That's the show check.
That's the one you frame and put up on your wall.
You didn't try to cash that, did you?
Um, so do we arrange a wire transfer or...
No. No, you don't get it all at once.
We set your burn rate and
then I cut you a new check every other week
between now and CES in January, unless you fuck up too badly.
All right, hit it hard, boys.
This guy fucks.
You know, Russ, I've been known to fuck myself.
Well, he's the worst man in America.
And now he owns us.
Why the fuck would he have us come all the way out here?
I don't know.
Boys.
Russ, what's up?
I know you had asked us to concentrate more on branding
and less about the-- the product,
- but we were thinking about that and... - I got it.
God?
No. No, shitheads. Look!
"I am Pied Piper"?
Who is that?
Yeah, how is she Pied Piper?
- What is this? - Brand awareness.
We're getting Pied Piper out there.
Right. But what exactly is the product?
I mean, what's-- what's this selling?
Pied Piper, idiot.
I like it.
Yeah, here's the new check I promised you.
This one you can cash.
Obviously, I had to subtract the cost
of the AD agency that nailed that slogan.
The photo, legal, lay-out, plus the cost of the 15 billboards.
Don't worry, I gave you guys a sweet deal on them.
- Gave us? - Yeah.
Hanneman Outdoor Media. I own the billboards.
That's how I talked the AD agency into giving you guys
that slogan for only 30 grand. Synergy, bitches.
Know what that means?
Does it mean taking a stack of cash
and lighting it on fire?
Crazy fuck! I love this guy.
You fucking guy!
Oh, and get this. I found out where Gavin Belson lives
and I placed 15 of these babies between his house and his office.
And guess where I placed the biggest one of all?
This is the most hostile and aggressive act
of provocation I've ever had to endure.
It crosses every line of decency.
This is war.
You better have something good for me.
We believe we have a way to win this case.
What if there were an individual here at Hooli
with whom Hendricks had had a lot of contact?
What if this individual were,
arguably, a member of the original Pied Piper team?
What if we took steps
to present this individual in a light
such that his talents were undeniable?
Surely an individual this brilliant
would move quickly up the ladder here at Hooli.
Surely he'd be promoted rapidly and repeatedly, no?
And surely these impressive promotions
would lead a court to agree that someone this brilliant
who was there at the inception of Pied Piper,
must be integral to, if not solely responsible
- for its creation. - It's all right. You can come in.
So you're saying
the more praise and promotion we heap on this person,
the more it looks like Pied Piper was created here at Hooli.
Big Head!
Uh, sorry. Sorry, guys. Uh, Hooli phone?
I didn't even know the ringer was on.
No one's ever actually called it before.
Uh, hello?
Nothing. Why?
{\pos(246.76,105.88)}100offer.com
Thanks for coming in and sitting down with us.
We're really excited to meet a few good engineers
to join the Pied Piper team.
So why don't you tell us a little about yourself?
I don't work before noon.
Or after 2:00 PM.
And I need to bring my dog to work.
Are you-- are you dog-friendly?
Oh, yeah, you can bring your dog to work.
That's not what I asked.
Are you dog-friendly?
Nice pool. Can my dog go in?
Yeah, yeah, we're very dog-friendly.
Is there a lifeguard?
'Cause my dog can't swim.
It says here on your resume that from 2010 to 2011
you "Crushed it"?
That's actually an old resume. It should also read
that I crushed it from 2013 to present.
So are we to understand that you did not "Crush it" In 2012?
There was a medical situation
preventing me from crushing it to my usual standards.
So I had to take some time off
until I was able to crush it at 100%,
at which point I resumed crushing it full-time.
So it says here that you're proficient in C++,
code assembly for multiple processor architectures,
and that you are a cyborg?
That is correct-- short for cybernetic organism.
I came into this world of filth and pain
with a congenital heart condition,
requiring the installation of a pacemaker,
upon which I am mortally dependent.
Wow, he's technically a cyborg.
Yeah, yeah. Makes the resume accurate.
Look, we all know that I can make a shitload more money
working for some multi-colored Happy Town
in a hermetically-sealed box.
But permission to be honest?
Permission granted.
Granted.
I like that you guys are so weird.
Yes, we are the weird ones.
This morning, you put your soda cans in the green one.
Okay? That's not right.
The green is for grass and leaves.
Okay?
The blue one is for recycling.
Go ahead and put those in there.
Yeah.
Very good. The black one is for all other trash.
Do you understand?
Yes. Which is for burning?
No, we don't burn trash in this country.
It's illegal. You never burn trash.
Okay, can you say that? "I never burn trash."
I never burn trash.
- Yes. - What about garbage?
Motherfucker.
Jared Patakian?
You know, this Patakian guy
is definitely on some end of some spectrum,
but he is a full-stack engineer.
I mean, I'm sold. Jared, what do you think?
Well, he's qualified and he definitely seemed interested.
It's a programmer's market right now.
I think if we like him, we should pursue him aggressively.
My only concern here, and it's a small one,
he's also named Jared.
Will it be confusing with two Jareds?
If we hire him, I can always go back to my real name-- Donald.
No, that's too big a hassle.
We'll just go with "Other Jared."
OJ, for short.
I know a name is just a sound somebody makes when they need you,
but shouldn't this much-newer Jared be "Other Jared"?
You should be flattered.
OJ Simpson is one of the most recognizable people
on the face of the planet.
Was that Jared Patakian I saw exiting the house?
Yes, we just interviewed him. We think he's great.
He actually is great. I tried to hire him for Aviato.
But then he took the offer, shopped it around town,
and got more dough at a different gig.
I didn't care for the way that he handled it.
So I am going to have to err on the side of caution
and say "Pass-adena,"
Trina.
Well, I'm sorry that that happened to you,
but you don't get to Pass-adena on anyone.
We've got to hire a lot of people,
and he was the only one that we all agree on.
But this is my house. I'm on the board of this company.
I mean, I must get dings, right?
- Dings? - Like in a jury or "Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
Erlich, thank you for letting us stay in your house
while we figure out what we need office-wise. Really.
But I'm sorry. You don't get a say in this.
We're going to hire the android.
He's a cyborg, Richard.
The son of a bitch is a goddamned cyborg.
Ladies and gentlemen of the press, distinguished guests,
Question-- What is a moonshot?
A moonshot is an idea so big, so bold,
as to be impossible until it is not.
- Magellan circumnavigating... - There you are.
Sorry, I got lost. But I think I'm supposed to be here--
- Shh! Come on. - Not so long ago,
people called the idea of sending a man to the moon a moonshot.
But we did it, and that is just the beginning.
No idea will be too big for our newest division,
"Hooli ."
xyz.
- It's been a long... - How long do I have to stay here?
- Cause lunch-- - Shh!
And today, I'm pleased to announce
that after some negotiations and arm-twisting,
the brilliant Professor Davis Bannerchek,
a pioneer in robotics
and founder of Somerville Dynamics,
has agreed to head up this new division.
I give you Dr. Bannerchek, the one and only man
fit to be the first
head dreamer of Hooli xyz.
Also I give you the one and only man
fit to be his co-head dreamer,
our very own Nelson Bighetti,
otherwise known around here as "Baghead."
Come on up here, Baghead.
What?
He also co-founded Pied Piper right here at Hooli.
I'm not sure I understand.
You are being promoted.
Being named "Co-head dreamer"
Carries with it a significant pay increase.
greater equity, more favorable vesting schedule.
See, but I really liked the job I had.
You know, I was perfectly happy there.
It was kind of the-- the perfect level
of involvement for me, I think.
And also that other guy, Bannerchek?
He-- he did not really seem to like me very much.
Oh, he does not. And he wanted you to know
that he moved four school-aged children
and his elderly mother across the country
in order to run Hooli xyz on his own.
He was very clear about that.
And he wanted me to convey that to you.
Have I done that?
Yeah. So what is my job exactly?
Oh, that's actually-- that's up to you.
You can do whatever you want.
Okay. See, that's sort of what I do now, though.
But starting today,
you can do it in a much more significant way.
Enjoy your new office.
Wait, this is my office?
Sorry to interrupt. The photographer's here.
- The photographer? - From "Wired" Magazine,
for the profile they're doing on you.
- Sorry, who are you? - Your assistant.
What?
Okay, Richard, last interview of the day.
Uh, Dinesh, Gilfoyle,
this is someone you guys recommended I contact,
Carla Walton?
Yeah, we hung out with her a bunch
at the last S.F. Vid/tech meet-up.
Her code is fucking great.
She was head of engineering at Earcast?
She was engineering at Earcast.
She pulled that whole system on her own.
You know what else excites me here?
There's a distinct over-representation of men in this company.
Look around. I think it would behoove us
to prioritize hiring a woman.
I disagree, OJ.
We should hire the best person for the job, period.
- And Carla is one of the best. - Right, let me rephrase.
I think having a woman in the company is important,
but hiring someone only because they're a woman is bad.
I would never compromise Pied Piper.
Okay, just to be clear,
our top priority is to hire the most qualified person available, right?
- Of course. - But it would be better
if that someone was a woman
even though the "woman" part of that statement is irrelevant?
Exactly. It's like we're the Beatles and now we just need Yoko.
That's the worst example you could have used.
I'm using VP9 ABR to reduce bits
and using WebRTC to carry the bulk of the load via p2p.
So basically I pay for one tiny-ass outgoing stream
and the user's ISP picks up the whole tab.
The users pay for all that bandwidth, not you?
Wow, that could save us a ton of money.
Yeah, a shit ton.
And do you think you could integrate it into our platform
by January in time for CES?
Look, I'm not going to get in your way.
You know, you design the engine. I just assemble the car.
I could have an alpha of that up in a solid weekend of hacking.
Wow. Cool.
Plus I could count on one hand the number of people on earth
who could handle sitting in a room
with Dinesh and Gilfoyle all day. So...
All of that.
- Plus you're a woman. - What?
No, I just mean we would absolutely love
to have a strong woman working here.
I'm not a woman engineer. I'm an engineer.
Okay, no, no, no.
No, yes, of course. We want to hire the best people
who happen to be women,
regardless of whether or not they are women.
That part is irrelevant.
Are you doing that interviewing thing
where you try to rattle somebody to see if they freak out or not?
Uh, sadly no. This is-- that's just Jared.
I wouldn't know how to do that.
Well, I am aggressively unemployed right now.
So why don't you give me a call
when you know what you want to do?
- Great. - Great.
Great. All right.
All right, I'll show you out.
Yeah, lucky me.
I love "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo."
So?
So she's actually a bad-ass.
- Yeah, we told you, right? - We have to hire that person.
Are you shitting me?
You see this, Richard? What is this?
A spoon?
It's a wide spoon. In fact, the only spoon type
that is left in this drawer.
I specifically posted a note on the refrigerator
saying that the more narrow spoons
be reserved for the eating for Fage yogurt by me.
Look at this-- the angle's all wrong.
Aren't you supposed to just tip that little plastic cup part up
and dump the jam into the yogurt?
How would you know that? Have you been eating my Fage yogurts?
No, I saw it on the billboards.
Well, what they don't tell you on the billboards
is that you can't get all of it out-- look at that!
You have to dig it out. But you can't dig it out
with these big-as-hell, wide fucking spoons.
This isn't about the spoons, is it, Erlich?
This is about Jared Patakian.
This is about me not letting you tell me who I can or can't hire.
Or maybe it's about the fact that you're the one
- who's been using my narrow spoons? - Okay.
You and I both have to get ready for a board meeting.
Can we just stop with the nonsense?
- Nonsense? - Yeah.
- This is nonsense? - Yeah.
You know, half the yogurt's gonna go unused
because one quarter of the jam can't come out.
Thank you for hosting. You have a lovely home.
- Yeah, I do. - I like this painting.
- Is it sperm? - No, three commas.
Know what has three commas in it, Richard?
Uh, a sentence with two appositive phrases in it?
No, a billion dollars.
Yeah, I'm in the three-comma club.
You know, you play your cards right,
you could be in the three-comma club, too.
But probably not. But you could be. Probably not.
There she is. Say hello to tonight's fifth board member,
- my girlfriend Nastia. - Charmed.
You are Jew.
Episcopalian, actually.
Jew-- good at business.
My baby's got some ideas about Jews,
some good, some bad.
Dad?
Oh, hey there, buddy.
Hello. Who's this? Another board member?
Aspen, it's time for bed.
I don't want to go to bed.
I'm sorry, buddy. It's not up to me.
I need you to cooperate, Aspen.
Ten, nine, eight,
- seven, six, five... - Fine.
- ...four, three-- Good boy. - What the hell is that?
Company I'm funding. We call it the Lady.
I press a button, and the lady tells Aspen
when it's time for bed,
time to take a bath,
when his fucking mother's here to pick him up.
I get to be his friend and she's the bad guy.
Undisrupted fatherhood. It's visionary technology.
Okay, come on. Board meeting, bitches.
Aspen, remember to take your medication.
Just remember, Russ only has two board seats,
so as long as we vote together, we can carry every vote.
Yeah, I'm familiar with the rules of a board meeting.
Okay, so 409A valuation report and new ESOPs.
Is there a motion to approve?
Great, it's unanimous. Approved.
Now we need to clear the equity packages
we're offering to a couple prospective hires,
Carla Walton and Jared Patakian.
Fucking cyborg.
Patakian is actually a solid engineer.
We'd be foolish not to hire him.
He's really good. So all in favour?
Sounds like a good pick-up.
Okay, four to one approved.
All right, uh, is there anything else we need to cover?
Yeah, I think we need to talk about
getting some shwaaaag.
What?
- Shwaaag! - "Sha-wagga"?
Shwag!
What is it?
- Swag. - Swag?
- Swag! - What is it?
- Swag. - I actually don't know--
I think we need to build
on the success of our outdoor media campaign.
I'm talking Pied Piper mouse pads, puzzle cubes,
fuckin' antenna balls. Come on, I'm talking 30 grand.
That's like a hand of blackjack. All in favor?
I mean, first billboards, now this?
I mean, as it is, we're barely going to make it to January.
Sorry.
What?
I think it's a really solid idea.
I think we'd be foolish not to do it.
Cool. So three-to-two in favor-- swag!
Set you guys up with my marketing company.
We'll give you a killer rate.
Question-- who likes margaritas?
Answer-- everybody!
Babe, go out back, grab some limes from the tree, all right?
Who likes swag? This guy, this guy.
We gonna get our swag on!
What the fuck are you doing?
You just cost us $30,000.
I thought we agreed to present a unified front here.
Well, if Richard wants a unified front,
then maybe Richard should do a better job at unifying it.
Why are you such a dick?
Why are you unable to listen
to people who know what they're talking about?
Speaking of Mexico, I'm supposed to go to Cabo tomorrow,
but I got roped into buying these two tickets
to the Muir Woods preservation thing tomorrow night.
Sean Parker's charity? That's a big event.
Gonna be a lot of members of the three-comma club there. Am I right?
Total asshole parade. Anyone want these stupid things?
Yeah, I'm down.
Uh, and Richard, no, you can't come.
- But Monica - No.
Okay. Babe, I said limes-- limes.
She's honestly so fucking stupid.
She doesn't even know what I'm saying right now.
And until we get real office space,
I guess we could just put you right here.
And we could put Patakian here.
I hope you don't mind sitting next to a cyborg.
Does he fart a lot and smell like onions?
Well, he is a coder.
Well, I'd say I'm not getting paid enough to deal with this crap,
but I so am, so...
You know, if it's cool,
I'm going to get some stuff out of my car to dump here.
I know I don't start till Monday,
but I want to get it cleaned out
- before I trade it in. - You're getting a new car?
Yeah, yeah. Mercedes hybrid.
- It's pretty dope. - That sounds expensive.
- Guys? - It is.
Uh, Richard has something very important to tell you.
Yes. So, Jared has informed me
that as CEO,
I need to be able to answer any questions that you might have
about Pied Piper's
harassment policy and workplace code of conduct.
Apparently, every company our size has to have one of those.
Essentially, if you find the workplace hostile in any way,
you can submit a written complaint.
It will be completely anonymous.
Essentially, don't do or say anything that might offend anyone.
Okay? Thank you. That's the policy.
- Okay. - Guys, um...
This is actually pretty serious.
I mean, we're all cool here, but we know each other.
So obviously, when Dinesh calls me retarded Frankenstein,
or he describes me as AIDS lady,
I know this is a joke among friends.
- It's not a joke. - We're not friends.
See, it's hilarious.
But, um, as we grow,
we're going to be adding a lot of new people to this company,
and to this office,
and some of them might not be as amused as I am
by such strong language. Lawsuits happen.
So, questions?
Oh, uh, I have a question.
My best friend's nickname is Cunty.
- I'm sorry, her name is-- - Cunty.
And I was hoping I could call her Cunty while I'm here.
Okay, that one's easy. No, you cannot.
'Cause, you know, I want to have Cunty come visit me for lunch,
and if I can't call Cunty "Cunty,"
then it's like, I'm not going to want to have Cunty over at all,
which I feel like kind of violates my rights--
Yeah, um, it does not--
as a woman.
Okay, I'm going to have to get back to you on that one.
Her best friend's nickname is Cunty.
- Let's maybe get back to the kitchen. - Okay.
Okay, okay.
All right, I got to clean out my shit box.
Nice bag.
Thank you.
Oh, look, "D&G." It's like Dinesh and Gilfoyle.
Okay, that was the third
reference she's made to how much money she's making.
That's a $3500 bag.
How do you know? You have the same one?
No, I have the fucking Internet.
You don't think she's making more money than us, do you?
No, we all have equalized pay, remember?
Yeah, me and you and Richard and Jared do,
but not new hires.
It's the classic dilemma where the founders make less.
We told Richard to get her no matter what it took.
Even if she is making more cash than us, which she isn't,
there's no way she has as much equity.
You don't know that.
And Richard won't tell us. It's confidential.
I guess there's a reason for it.
It's so people don't get jealous and throw a hissy fit.
I'm not jealous.
I just want to make sure she's making less than me.
Hey, how do we find out how much she's getting paid here?
I have a plan.
Hey, Carla, how much money do you make here?
Uh, let's just say it's a big jump from my old job.
Right, but you probably got more equity there.
Um, no, actually I get more equity here.
- What? - Yeah. Why, what are you guys getting?
- Three points each. - Three? That's weird.
I thought you got in at the beginning.
I have another plan.
All right, Jian-Yang, don't talk to anybody else.
When we get inside, don't talk to me.
- Good evening. - Here's the--
Thank you. Thank you.
And how will you be paying, sir?
- Excuse me? - Your donation.
What's your preferred method of payment?
Oh, no, these are already paid for.
We're guests of Russ Hanneman.
Yes, he reserved the tickets, but you have to pay for them.
Oh, okay. And how much are they?
- $25,000. - Um, so-- but for both?
No, no, no, per ticket.
Uh, there's no possible way that we could pay that,
so what do we do here?
Well, there are a number of other ways
to help preserve the Muir Woods.
We do a volunteer clean-up program every weekend.
Yeah, I don't give a shit
about the Muir Woods. I need to get in there.
Sir, if you can't pay for the tickets,
I really don't see how that's possible.
What if we do like a little in-and-out thing?
I just go in there, 10 minutes,
you know, have one cocktail, two, three max.
He doesn't eat. He won't eat.
Yes, I'm hungry.
Gentlemen, I'm going to need you to move aside
for the other guests.
You want me to email Russ Hanneman right now?
You don't have Russ's email.
But I have his-- I have the phone number of
the person who works in his office.
Does anybody have an extra ticket? My investor cannot pay.
That's actually not true.
Uh, I think they must have misplaced the tickets.
No, we have everyone's tickets here.
Can you please check? Erlich Bachman?
E-r-I-c-h...
- That's not at all how it's spelled here. - Let's go, Jian.
Have a nice night. Thank you. Next.
- Excuse me, do you have a ticket? - God damn it!
- Jian-Yang, come here! - Do you have a ticket?
Hey, Jian-Yang, how-- how was last night?
It was sad.
Erlich, he promised me dinner with a big meat.
Big meat?
- Big meet people. - Meet people?
Then people say, "No, you can't come in."
Wait, so you guys didn't get in?
We went to Taco Bell.
Erlich, he started crying in Taco Bell.
He tried to blame the taco sauce.
- Richard? - Yes.
- OJ says you wanted to see me? - Yeah.
Um, I don't want to say this
any of this, at all,
but several employees have lodged a complaint against you.
For what?
For making this a hostile workplace.
by, quote,
"Repeatedly rubbing our fucking faces
in the fact that Richard Hendricks is a pussy
who gave a new hire more than us."
Interesting.
And which two of the several lodged a complaint?
Actually, our policy guarantees anonymity,
so I can't tell you that.
Look, you and I both know how much you make.
Are you fucking with them?
Yeah, of course I'm fucking with them.
I bought a fake Dolce & Gabbana bag
at a swap meet to piss them off
and apparently it did.
And I lied and said I was getting a Mercedes.
Oh, I also left a fake credit-card statement
open on my screen,
'cause I thought they'd see it. Did they see it?
They saw it.
- Yeah, sweet. - Carla.
Okay, all right, but what I used to do to fuck with them
involved gay porn and Photoshop,
so I don't think that would
be cool after OJ's big harassment speech.
Huh. So in effect, the policy worked.
Well, I-- can we not do any of it?
It just that they're getting really pissed
and it's really distracting.
All right.
- No more Cunty. - Terrific.
- That's really good. - Cunty's done.
Great. But you said it again, but maybe that's the last time.
Cunty's done. I'm gonna call you OJ, though.
- Yeah, that's fine. - That's for good.
Yeah, because in my head, I change the meaning
from "Other Jared" to "Original Jared," so now it's a compliment.
If I have to, I'm going to keep my fucking "Star Blazer"
VHS tapes in my room!
It doesn't take an IQ of nine
to know they should remain alphabetized.
I want to watch a specific episode.
And it's not like they're on fucking DVD!
Hey, um, Erlich,
I just want to say this is your house
and you've been really cool letting us stay here for all this time,
and as soon as we get our office space, we'll be out of your way.
And how soon is that going to be?
Soon.
And look,
I realize it's not fair that I bring someone into your house
that you don't want here, so,
I will call the cyborg
and I will rescind the offer.
No, Richard, I've been thinking,
the cyborg is a solid coder.
- You should hire him. - It's fine, I'll get someone else.
Don't be stupid, Richard. You need a full working beta up
in the next few months. Just hire the guy.
I'm not being stupid, okay? I'm not going to hire him.
And frankly, I'm not going to let you bully me into doing it.
Would you look at yourself?
You're still not fucking listening to me.
I'm trying to respect you, asshole.
If you want to respect me, then just hire the piece of shit.
Don't act like a moron. You're not going to kick Nucleus' ass
acting like a fucking moron.
You don't get to tell me how I respect you, okay?
I can respect you however the fuck I want.
What are you doing?
I'm respecting you.
Jared, hey, it's Richard Hendricks from Pied Piper.
Yeah, uh, bad news.
We're not gonna--
What?
What's that?
Where?
Okay, well, cyborg,
fuck you, you fuckin'--
- Metal-dick piece of shit. - Metal-dick piece of shit.
What happened?
He, uh, he took another job
from Russ fucking Hanneman.
- What? - Yeah.
Apparently, I said so much
nice shit about him in the board meeting,
Russ offered him a job at one of his other fucking companies
for a lot more money. Our own investor poached him.
And he went?
Fucking cyborg.
Richard! You need to come see this.
What event could this possibly be used at?
Are you happy?
Not really.
They used the old logo.
Do you smell something burning?
God damn it! Jian-Yang!
{\pos(246.76,105.88)}100offer.com
Damn it.
Again?
Let me ask you something, Richard.
You sure it's not urine
and you're not just wetting the bed?
Yeah, I'm sure. It's-- it's not.
It's just sweat.
Well, then the medical term for what you have
is "Night sweats."
Okay.
But night sweats can be a precursor to bed-wetting,
and that is very serious.
How serious?
- Like, uh, cancer? - No!
It's embarrassing.
I mean, you're a grown man, Richard. Come on.
That's what children do.
But I'm not wetting the bed.
Yet! How's your stress level been?
It's gotten worse.
I have to get a working beta of my platform
ready in time for January.
I just took money from a guy who is a nightmare.
I hired six new people.
We're going to spend a ton of money on new offices.
It's like every second,
there is a new issue that I have to solve.
I am stressed as hell.
Richard, currently, your stress level is here.
And that's night-sweats level.
But now if you're not careful and you let it go up,
bed-wetting.
I love these walls.
You know what it is? They're exposed brick.
Why would anyone ever hide brick?
Did you see the conference nook?
Just think of the conferences we could have in this nook.
Oh, yeah. But I mean, this is really expensive.
So, um, what did the doctor say?
It's nothing. It's just stress-related night sweats.
- I'll be fine. - That's good to hear.
- Are you relieved? - I would have been
if that idiot hadn't have mentioned something about
how it can lead to, uh, bed-wetting.
I'm just trying not to think about it.
Good, don't. Definitely.
Because just thinking about it would probably
- stress you out enough to make it happen-- - Stop!
Would you-- don't say "Stress."
I just said that I was trying not to think about it.
Well, Richard, personal management
is a big part of being a CEO.
You think working here might help?
Actually, uh, yeah. I think it would.
But can we afford it?
Well, this is an investment in your mental health.
Richard, I mean,
can you put a dollar value on not wetting your bed?
Ahh, don't.
If you want this, Richard,
even with the money we wasted on swag and billboards,
I think I can make the numbers work.
It's your call.
Hey, guys? Um, this is Yelena.
She got off the elevator at the wrong floor
because her modeling agency is upstairs.
Richard?
Please?
Primarily for other reasons,
but, uh, yes! Yeah, sure. Uh, we're gonna take it.
- We're take-- we're taking it. - Take?
I'm gonna hug you.
No.
All right, this one's ready to go out to the truck.
Great. Take it out.
Okay, you know what? I said we should hire movers.
I don't do this kind of stuff.
I work with my mind, not with my hands.
In Pakistan, we had servants who did this.
It wasn't a big deal.
We didn't pay them very much and they were very happy.
I'll take out your box of tampons.
It's good for the soul.
Interesting pitch.
I will admit, I have never heard
a Christian-oriented riff on dog-sharing.
But Christianity is borderline illegal in northern California.
Also, how would you scale?
Well, we could expand
from sharing dogs to other types of pets--
- Pot-bellied pigs, ferrets... - I'm gonna stop you right there.
You do know that ferrets are illegal
in the state of California?
No.
Well, then I suppose you also don't know
that pot-bellied pigs have been
wildly unfashionable since 2005.
Owning a pot-bellied pig is
frowned upon almost as much as being a Christian.
Thank you, gentlemen. Good day.
And technically, I'm not passing on dog dammit.
I'm just not saying yes.
But who knows? The lord works in mysterious ways.
I don't have to tell you that.
Richard, do you have a moment?
I'd like to present you something.
Okay, what's up?
- What are you doing? - Bowing.
The Japanese have the most advanced
business culture in the world.
I am showing you respect by using their traditions.
And traditionally,
you give a gift on important occasions,
such as the graduating of an incubee.
"Incubee"? Is that a word?
Of course it is. One who's been incubated.
The inhabitant of an incubator.
Okay. Okay.
- Now you bow. - I'd really rather not.
Richard, I need you to bow.
- To the waist. - To the waist?
Okay.
Now I hand this to you,
and it is customary for you to politely refuse
and weakly say that you are not worthy.
Erlich, I really don't have time for this.
That's perfect. Here you go.
Good.
Japanese coin. Lowest denomination.
Is this a kimono?
- Well, try it on. - Uh, thank you, Erlich.
Sore wa meiyodeshita.
According to google translate,
that means, "It has been an honor."
Yeah, all right.
Thank you. Thanks.
I'm still packing up, so I don't want to damage it.
Eh, eh, traditionally it's rolled.
Okay.
Wikipedia.
Thanks, Erlich.
I'll get you something later.
Little Kohai, you've already given me a gift.
Noah from next door.
Richard.
Moving out?
Uh, yeah, some of us are, sort of.
Well, I'd be lying to say I was sad to see you go.
- Okay. - Nothing personal.
You seem like nice guys,
just houses full of renters aren't great for property values.
Yeah, that makes sense.
This neighborhood is mostly families.
Okay. Well, we're moving out, so...
People with pets, you know?
- Well, good luck. - You too.
- What? - You, too.
- Hey, Richard? - Oh, hey, Jared.
Richard, the hosting company
that was going to be renting us
server space just dropped their bid.
Okay, well,
let's just get servers from some other provider.
Well, I just contacted five other web services companies,
and they're all denying us.
I think I know what might be happening here.
All of them--
Rackspace, Softlayer, Amazon.
I mean, they can't afford to lose Hooli's business.
So Gavin Belson can just
pick up the phone and make us radioactive
to every single web-hosting service?
It's how these guys operate.
I mean, when Bill Gates got married on Lanai,
he rented every helicopter on the Hawaiian islands
so that paparazzi couldn't use them to fly over.
Although in that case, it was a positive,
because now you can imagine that wedding however you want.
- What? - Jared?
Our entire platform is web-based.
We need servers for that.
What the fuck are we going to do?
I know what the fuck we're going to do.
But you're not going to like it.
We build our own servers.
Gilfoyle, servers are essentially a utility.
I mean, you wouldn't dig a well for water
or build a generator for power.
I think we should dig our own well
and build our own generator.
I also think we should store a year's worth of food
and ammunition in a blast cellar.
But we don't.
So good luck when the shit hits the fan.
Look, Richard, we're about precision,
about shaving yocto seconds off latency
at every layer in the stack.
If we rent from a public cloud,
we're using servers that are by definition
generic and unpredictable.
Yeah, but we're already up against a serious deadline.
I mean, how long is building our own servers
going to set us back?
If I busted my ass?
I could stand them up inside a week
right here in the house.
Look, richard, truth is,
this is a huge positive.
I tried running the platform on my old bitcoin rig
at 5200 GFLOPS,
your algorithm flies 800 times faster
on GPUs compared to normal CPUs.
No host could match the config
that I built here in the house.
Oh, and also, we don't seem to have a choice.
But that would cost a ton.
And we don't have that kind of money just lying around.
It seems as though we do
have that kind of money just lying around.
But that's for the office space.
- Was it? - No, no, no, no!
Jared, we already signed the lease.
It's too late, right? We can't break the lease.
I mean, we haven't given them the check yet.
- Here it is. - I could go mail it right now.
In this market, they could probably
find another tenant in a day.
I doubt there would be an issue.
Fuck! Richard, please?
It's servers or offices, Richard.
We can't afford both.
Damn it, I don't know what to do.
Well, then it's a good thing--
It's a good thing that I'm here, isn't it?
As much as I hate to agree with Gilfoyle,
he's right-- you have but one option.
Stay here and build the servers.
Are you sure?
Because I've got Carla and five other coders
starting over the next few weeks.
Well, it's going to get a little cozy in here,
but I'll endure for your sake.
What about all your other "Incubees"?
I've heard quite a few exciting pitches over the last week,
but I'll be forced to forgo those opportunities
because of your mediocrity.
You see, Richard, when I invited you into my incubator,
I promised to get you ready for the outside world.
But I failed to do that. I wouldn't trust you out there
in the real world as far as I could throw you.
And to be honest, I could probably throw you
all the way across the front yard.
Okay, but I don't want to stay here.
I don't want you to either, Richard.
So it's agreed.
Welcome home, fellas.
Should we smoke some pot to celebrate?
Gavin, thank you for coming.
I am certain that once you
witness firsthand what Mr. Bighetti is up to,
you will see that he is worthless around here.
Worth is a relative thing.
Yes, but worthlessness is not. It is absolute.
People add value to this company in many different ways.
Of course, but look at this.
Bighetti has his team wasting valuable resources
- on a potato canon. - ...Four, three,
Two, one.
Fire.
Shit.
You see what your brightest minds are being wasted on?
Launching potatoes.
- What the fuck? - Sorry.
Perhaps they're developing it as a
non-lethal form of crowd control.
I actually think that it could kill somebody.
But even so, compared to what my team
has accomplished in a matter of days, I--
Come here, I want you to meet somebody.
All right, I've got a good feeling about this one.
One more time. Everybody ready? Fire!
Oh, shit! You okay? Sorry. Shit.
This is Kiko.
Kiko was rescued after a Nicaraguan land-mine
severed both his arms.
My team, using technology developed at Somerville,
was able to devise an array of sensors
that can non-invasively detect signals
from the neurones in the motor cortex in the brain.
So without surgery, we have given Kiko the gift
of a usable prosthetic appendage.
What's he doing?
What Kiko chooses to do with the technology
is not important.
What's important here is that,
in spite of what it may seem like on the surface,
building a device that is capable of this
is a remarkable scientific achievement.
And what you're looking at is really a testament
to my team and to my leadership,
And I just-- I feel that--
I'm going to have to insist
that Bighetti be removed if I continue here.
Davis, there are a lot of forces at work here.
There's a lot at play that you are not privy to.
Please do not question how I choose to run my company.
Of course, I just have to think that both of our interests
would be better served if Bighetti was not--
What is he doing now?
Oh, God.
Again, I have to stress that what the monkey chooses
to do with the technology is not necessarily
an indictment of the technology itself.
Gavin, please!
Okay. So I'll put 80 GPUs on racks against that wall.
We'll have three main cabinets in the center.
I'll try and pull 220-volt power
from the washer/dryer for all the cooling units.
So you'll need this entire space then?
- Yep. - All right.
- I'll move my things. - What?
It's okay. I'll have it all in my car in no time.
Wait, Jared, uh...
are you living here in the garage?
Indeed I am. High on the hog.
Jesus Christ, poor fucker.
Sleeping out there with the rodents.
Hey, I keep a clean garage.
There are no rodents out there.
How can you guarantee there are no rodents living there
when you didn't even know Jared was living there?
I need all rodents and Jareds out of the garage.
I need the space.
Do we have any extra power strips?
There's not a lot of outlets out there.
There are a lot of dudes playing foosball, loudly.
I'll take care of that. Say no more. Jian-yang!
I need all of your guys out of there,
And the foosball table.
Those not my guys.
They're always around. Who are they?
Friends of friends.
They're friends of your-- mother fuck!
Guys, look, Jared gave up his own apartment
so he could take less salary and save the company money.
I mean, Erlich, can he just stay here?
Once again, because of your poor managerial skills,
I've been hoisted upon my own petard.
Yes, he can stay here.
Great. So, um, which room can he stay in?
Well, he's not staying in mine.
I sleep dick-up.
Okay, so then...
Uh, not it.
Okay.
- Not a chance in hell. - All right. Ahem.
Fuck.
Oh, shit.
Morning, roomie. I made you a half-caff.
- Richard. - Yeah.
I, um, I sweated through my sheets again.
You sweated? You sure you didn't--
Yes, I'm sure. It's just sweat, so...
Do you think maybe you sweat from your urethra?
No, I didn't sweat through my--
You know what? Let's not talk about it.
Because talking about it will only exacerbate--
- Stop. - Yeah.
Hey, um, when did you learn to speak German?
What? I don't speak German.
- You sure? - Yeah.
All this hardware for $70,000?
- Yup. - It's nice work.
Oh, look at all this stuff.
Oh, is that a Radeon 7850? We're using these, huh?
There's no "We."
You don't do this kind of work, remember?
You make a living with your mind, not your hands.
- No, no, no-- - So don't touch.
You misunderstood me. I like hardware.
I made my own computer when I was nine.
From scratch or kit?
It was from a kit, but I did my own mods.
- That's what I thought. - I was nine.
I'm sure you were great at fingerpainting also, Dinesh.
Richard is the CEO. He delegated this to me.
Why don't you go inside and write some princess code?
Leave the hardware up to us servants.
All right, I got the crimper and some heat shrink.
- Great. - Wait, she can help but not me?
That's right.
Can I help? Please?
Mmm, no.
I said-- Richard, you have to let me help him.
Dinesh, you have to hack away
on the front end of the build anyway.
- So why don't you-- - Excuse me?
- Excuse me? - Oh, this is bullshit.
- Oh, hey, Noah. - I thought you guys were moving out?
But it looks like you're moving back in.
Well, yeah, it's a little complicated, but...
What are you guys doing in there?
What, you building some kind of computer?
Well, more of a server/data center.
It's actually pretty interesting,
if you're into that sort of stuff.
Hello?
Stop talking immediately!
Come inside. Don't look at me. Don't look at me!
Don't look at me.
Just tell him that you shit your pants and have weak knees.
What were you doing out there?
Why were you talking to that person?
'Cause he lives next door. I was just being neighborly.
Neighborly? First of all, that's not a word.
Second of all, you don't talk to the neighbors, ever.
In fact, don't talk to anybody.
It's no one's business what we do here.
Why would anyone care what goes on in here?
'Cause we're not zoned for business, obviously.
What-- what do you mean we're not zoned for business?
I just moved my entire business here!
You just keep your mouth shut and everything will be fine.
You talked me into staying here even though you knew
we were breaking the law?
I'm sorry, Erlich, but I'm pissed.
- You're pissed at me? - Yeah.
I should be pissed at you.
You know why?
Because when one is given a parting gift
and one never parts, shouldn't one return the said gift?
Isn't that what decorum would dictate?
Oh, this is about the kimono?
Okay, I will give it back to you right now, gladly.
Now I'm really pissed.
Because if one appreciated a gift of such magnitude,
then one would put up more of a fight
before returning it, wouldn't one?
Okay.
A complaint from the neighbor
to the department of Planning and Community Environment
triggers an inspection, which can lead to a citation,
fines, or even the seizure and impounding of our equipment.
That gentleman next door has the power to ruin us.
Jesus.
Richard, can I suggest you take it easy on the red bulls?
It's a diuretic, and given your issue...
My issue?
Oh, god. It's night sweats, Jared.
Yes, well, regardless of what we've decided on calling it,
pounding caffeine and sugar is not exactly going to help.
But you know what might? Kegels.
What?
Kegels are a form of exercise
that strengthen the pelvic floor.
Yes, it's most commonly used by women to recover control
of their vaginal muscles after childbirth,
But it can really help,
you know, "Night sweats."
Okay, we're not going to talk about this anymore.
I'm doing it right now.
Clench, unclench, clench...
Stop.
You hear that?
Stop it, hey. Turn the music down.
Turn it-- turn it off. We have neighbors.
Are you kidding me? Look, Gilfoyle,
you said that you would have all the servers up and running.
And we're already a week behind.
Don't you think you should be doing that instead of,
you know, getting high on the job?
I'm not getting high on the job.
I'm getting high at home.
I live here, remember?
Right, okay, fair enough. Fair enough.
But Carla doesn't. These guys don't.
I'm having them over as guests, at my home.
If that's okay with you, Richard.
This is your home.
- Yes. - You live in the workplace.
But you also work from home.
That must be really confusing for you.
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
That's kind of the--
Does it look dark to you guys?
Oh, hey, guys.
Dude, what the fuck?
The power's out.
Okay, fine, I wanted to set up one GPU,
just one, and so I turned the power on
and the whole system lit up. And--
Yeah, it did, you dick.
'Cause I bypassed the meter to save money
and went directly to the feed without the UPS ready.
That surge just fragged the whole fucking system.
Holy shit.
What the hell did you guys do?
The power in the whole block is down.
Great.
What the--
Oh, god, look who it is.
We need to talk, guys.
Hold on a sec.
No, whatever you're going to say, just say it from there.
We can hear you.
If you didn't have so many cars parked here,
maybe I could get through.
He's really going to go all the way around?
- That's a long ways. - Hold on.
Jesus christ! Save some battery, for Christ's sake!
- Just a sec. - Just yell it!
It's okay, Noah, we get it. You can say it from there.
You're gonna report us to the city inspector, right?
Jesus!
Guess what?
I'm reporting you to the city inspector.
Right.
Zoning codes are very clear.
Neighborhood's for families, pets.
Nicht verstehen!
Holy shit.
Come here, Agamemnon. Come here, boy.
Yes. Who's a good boy?
Yeah, you're a good boy.
Come here, Agamemnon.
Did that blackout scare you, Agamemnon?
Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy.
Yeah. Give me a kiss. Mwah!
- Oh, yeah. - Holy shit.
Oh, yeah. Daddy loves you, daddy loves you.
Give me a kiss. Give me a kiss. Oh, yeah.
Erlich?
What is it?
Um, I'm sorry I didn't give you back the kimono
or resist giving you back the kimono, or whatever it was,
but I have a gift that might make it up to you.
Is that what I think it is?
Oh, boy.
It is 4:00 in the morning! What the--
Why are you both wearing kimonos?
Noah, are you familiar with the California Fish and Game Code,
Section 2116-2126,
with regard to the possession and harboring of ferrets?
- Oh, God. - Oh, yeah.
Those little shits are illegal.
Erlich, please, don't. I'll-- I'll do anything.
Oh, yeah, you will.
We are here to stay, and you're going to keep
that bearded little hole
in the center of your face shut about it.
- Listen, I was just trying-- - No, you listen.
You're always going on and on
about how this is such a good neighborhood.
Do you know why it's such a good neighborhood?
Do you know why your shitty house
is worth 20 times what you paid for it in the 1970s?
Because of people like us moving in
and starting illegal businesses in our garages.
All the best companies-- Apple, Google,
Hewlett-packard, even Aviato,
all of them were started in unzoned garages.
That is why Silicon Valley
is one of the hottest neighborhoods in the world.
Because of people like us,
not because of people like you.
So if I catch even so much as a dirty glance
or a lascivious look in Richard's direction,
that is it.
Those weasels are dog food.
Okay. Okay.
Um, guest house.
Yes. Is your guest house currently rented out?
No, it's not for rent.
Well, it mother-fucking is now.
Your new tenant is Jared Dunn.
His rent will be exceedingly reasonable.
And his utilities will be included.
He speaks German in the night.
Well, if you'll excuse us, we have an illegal business to run.
Erlich?
But when our scientists did the study,
they found the rate of birth defects in that territory
was actually higher before we opened our battery plant there.
But, very good question. Thank you for that question.
Okay, before I finish up here, I have an announcement.
Today I have accepted the resignation
of Dr. Davis Bannerchek.
So it pleases me to inform you all
that effective immediately,
Nelson Bighetti has been promoted to sole head dreamer
of Hooli XYZ.
Sorry, what?
Stand up, Bag Head.
What a meteoric ascension.
Just a few months ago, you co-founded Pied Piper
and now you've been promoted twice.
It speaks to your competence.
Give it up for Bag Head, ladies and gentlemen.
And lastly, I have big news.
In anticipation of our big release of Nucleus
at CES in January,
we've decided to give the world a sneak preview.
Nucleus, in partnership with Dana White
and the Ultimate Fighting Championship
will be the exclusive provider of live streaming
for next month's Ultimate Fighting Championship event,
Molina versus Bulgakov II.
I realize the full platform won't be ready until January,
but our Nucleus division assures me
they are ready for this challenge.
And I can think of no more exciting a way
to give a little taste of Nucleus to the entire world
than by putting video latency in a rear-naked choke hold.
Great job, team. All right, back to work.
Did you, uh, tell Gavin
where we are on the video situation?
He does know that converting the whole platform
to middle-out has put us
at least six weeks behind schedule, right?
Well, I'm not going to be the one who tells him
we're that far behind.
If you want to, feel free.
I just heard you tell Heidi we're six weeks behind?
But remember that drop-frame issue I showed you?
We're easily 15 weeks behind.
Well, I'm not going to be the one to tell Heidi about that.
Feel free to tell her yourself.
Did I just hear you say we're only 15 weeks behind?
I've been integrating the system natively--
Dude, I don't even want to know about it.
Pardon me, is that seat taken?
Oh, Gavin.
Classic Gavin.
Well, let's hope this sucks.
Oh, good. Monica made it just in time.
Carla, looks like you won't
be the only woman in the house for a change.
Christ.
One thing worse than being the only woman in a company
- is being one of only two. - Why's that?
Everybody puts this super-weird pressure on you to be friends.
- It's creepy. - Hey, did I miss it?
- No. - Good.
Monica, I'd like to introduce you to Carla.
Carla, Monica.
Monica, Carla.
- What's up? - Nice to meet you.
I knew you two would hit it off.
Hey. Monica?
- It's starting. - Tonight, for the first time ever,
streaming live in 4K resolution over the internet,
UFC Fight Night,
powered by Nucleus!
No networks. No more middleman. No bullshit.
We're bringing the fights straight to the fans.
We're cutting the cord forever
with UFC Fight Pass,
powered by Nucleus.
Tonight, you'll get ultimate fighting
at the ultimate resolution.
Nucleus puts 4K UHD video
in a lossless compression chokehold
and forces the competition to tap out.
- Who's douchebag? - He sure likes to break stuff.
We are live in Las Vegas.
The picture looks amazing.
Man, Joe, this is a fight we've been looking forward to
for a long, long time.
Are we getting a contact high off Erlich,
or is the edge starting to warble?
No, I see it. Are they converting down to 24 frames?
The defense so far. Wow!
The jerkiness is not a Nucleus issue, right?
I mean, it's not going out to the world like that, is it?
I think it looks great.
You see that frame judder as the camera pans?
The picture's so blocky. It looks like Minecraft.
It doesn't make sense, it's supposed to be totally lossless.
Let me dump their bit stream to disk and take a look.
She's really smart.
But not afraid to be bawdy.
- Oh, my God. - They are so fucked.
Yeah, this is bad.
Attack with the left!
He's hurt! Wow, he's down!
He's hit! Oh!
It's frozen.
It's frozen.
It is all over!
Unbelievable!
I have never, in all my years of watching fighting,
seen a finishing combination more ferocious!
What a spectacular finish by Molina!
We're being told that the Nucleus live stream...
- Fuck! - may have cut out during that exchange.
If that is true, what a travesty.
Fuck!
Gavin Belson just shit everyone's pants.
He sure did. The encoding is
totally underpowered to cover up their defects.
Nucleus just can't keep up with 4K live stream yet.
Hey. Could Pied Piper handle live 4K video?
I could deploy a live video stream
that would be way better than theirs right now.
Jump on it. Now. Like, do our own live stream.
Partner with someone like Gavin did.
Look at you two.
Hold on.
Live streaming's not really our primary business here.
Yeah, but beating Nucleus is. The blogs would go nuts.
We're built for it on my end.
If it's just me hosting seeds and manifests,
I'm good on my end.
I'm prepared to brag about it and release publicity.
Well, peer-to-peer delivery is good to go here.
Let me know.
Oh, Carla, do you want to show Monica your work station?
No thanks.
Okay, but Hooli had a deal with UFC
that would stream a fight.
What do we even do? Don't really have a lot of time here.
That's real.
We could find an event that's already in motion.
Can I make a suggestion:?
There is a nesting pair of California condors
on the closed-circuit feed at the Natural History Museum.
There's an egg in the nest right now. It's very compelling.
Why don't we just live stream me killing you?
I wouldn't be so dismissive. There was a live stream
of an eagle's nest last year that went viral,
and was getting millions of hits.
And I don't wanna be inflammatory,
but next to a condor,
an eagle looks like a... common cackling.
Fuck that, Jared. I've got it.
I'm very good friends with Aaron Anderson.
Double-A? The guy who owns Homicide Energy Drink?
Uh, is Homicide the extra douchey energy drink?
It sure is.
There's a bunch of stunts and crazy shit on here.
The video player quality is terrible.
It's a perfect candidate.
And Double-A loves me. He'd definitely hook us up.
How do you know him?
From college. He was a sophomore when I was a senior.
He and his roommates used to live down the hall.
I used to party in their room all the time.
kind of a mentor-mentee sort of thing.
Coming from a manatee sort of thing.
You look like a ferret that
gave up on himself six months ago, Gilfoyle.
- I'm going to ping Double-A. - Wait...
What if he says yes? You know?
Are we really gonna drop everything to do this?
What if we don't get it right?
I mean, it could hurt us just like it hurt them.
Shit. I don't know.
This is critical, Richard.
Maybe we should SWOT this decision.
I don't know what that is, but no.
- SWOT analysis. - No.
S-W-O-T? No?
Holy cow.
Did he really just say "Holy cow"?
I've had a board ready for just such an occasion.
I've booby-trapped the house with corporate resources.
SWOT is a way of evaluating a decision.
And you just break it down into "Strengths,"
"Weaknesses," "Opportunities," And "Threats."
- You're fucking joking. - Not at all.
You can SWOT a concept,
a department, or a new initiative.
You can even SWOT a person,
although you have to be careful. They might SWOT you back.
- I wanna SWOT you. - Well, you can.
Because now you have the tools.
Okay. Um, shout them out and I'll tack them up.
Jared, I'm really sorry, but I... I have to go.
You know, would it make more sense
if i worked something up and then I got back to you guys? And...
okay, great. I'm on it.
"People love condors."
"Strengths."
On top of the roof,
Blaine is gonna launch off this ramp.
It's pretty gnarly.
Everything goes right, he'll fly over this street
and land on this 15-story building here.
We've got 27 cameras, a couple in the car.
Feed a live edit back here to the data center.
We put everything through your incredible compression, Richard,
and up onto the web.
So, what do you think, Richard?
I think this is awesome, Double-A.
I mean, it is incredible.
You really have built a giant monument to awesomeness.
I think my aid in helping you achieve
this is what inspired me to start my own incubator.
So, Richard, you ready for this?
Oh, yeah. I think so. Yeah, uh...
Double-A, we are psyched.
And, uh, we can do whatever you need.
Okay, thanks Kool-Aid.
Kool-Aid? What's that? Are you Kool-Aid?
Yeah, it's just a term of endearment.
You know, nickname, I used to rock it back in the day
'cause I was cool and supportive.
Yeah. Oh, hey, guys, this is Gina,
she's one of our event managers.
Hey, uh, Gina, can you take
Dinesh and Gilfoyle to the data center, please?
Sure. You wanna follow me?
Only if we get hats, Gina.
You can just take mine.
Did you see that? She gave me her hat.
Pretend you've seen a woman before.
Are those Homicide drinks for free?
Yeah. Knock yourself out.
Homicide!
Is there any way that it could be
maybe more like just you and me talking, and not Erlich?
What do you mean? Aren't you guys friends?
I thought you go way back.
We do. But...
To be honest, I could never stand the guy.
I mean, just hearing his voice again is giving me PTSD.
Right. But you just called him cool.
No, I called him Kool-Aid. We all did.
- Right. - Because he's like the Kool-Aid pitcher
from the ads.
As in, every fucking time we were hanging out without him,
he'd come smashing through a wall.
But you still hung out with him.
Yeah, 'cause we were 19,
and he had weed and beer.
But even drunk and high I couldn't take it.
I mean, it's like he's fucking allergic
to letting other people talk.
It's like he's always gotta say something. You know?
Hey, Richard.
Homicide!
So, Dinesh, I have a question.
You're obviously Pakistani,
but the name Dinesh is Indian, isn't it?
Yeah. Wow, that's... exactly right.
You know, most people, ignorant people,
don't even know those are two separate countries.
And they don't care either.
How do you know about my name?
I'm an Army brat.
My dad was stationed in Karachi when I was a kid.
It was a beautiful place. Full of beautiful people.
Kind of like this room, right?
Oh, hold on a sec. I'll be right back.
Oh, don't take too long.
This is awesome. I don't know if it's what's in this,
but I have, like, all these killer lines coming to me.
I'm on fucking fire right now. Oh! She likes me, right?
Yeah, she's totally into you.
Just not as into you as she is into that guy's mouth.
He's definitely gonna fuck her later,
and she's not gonna think of you while it's happening.
Goddamn it. Fuck.
Now I'm just shaking. What do they put in this shit?
Milk thistle?
Hey, guys! Come out here!
Juliet calls.
Guys, this is Blaine. He's the guy doing the stunt.
Blaine, these are the genius coders
who are helping us with the live stream.
- They're rock stars. - Okay.
So this is the car you're jumping?
- Yes, it is. - And that's what your ramp's gonna look like?
- Yeah. - Cool. Well, have you--
Yeah, and because I know that you're gonna ask,
yes, I've done this before.
And yes, it's fucking dangerous.
Listen, I got a lot of work to do to get this right.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey, you see what I saw?
Yes, uh, he's got the velocity calculated wrong.
It's for a flat plane.
He doesn't account for the curve in the ramp.
Exactly. He's probably used to doing straight ramps.
I mean, the chart says
he's gonna launch at 81 miles per hour,
- but it's going to be more like- - Under 70.
The downforce is ridiculous.
He's gonna lose speed and hit the side of that wall.
- And die. - So we should probably...
Okay. All right.
Hey, uh, Blaine?
- One small thing. - No.
I'm gonna stop you right there, Glasses.
'Cause I told you once already,
and I was very clear.
I am too fucking busy to deal with you.
Okay? I'm just being cool here.
All right?
- What do we do here? - This is a tough one.
So, Richard, in terms of a player window,
what do you see?
Well, um, I think it's pretty straightforward.
I'll handle this, Richard.
- You don't have to. - The whole reason we're doing this,
friend, is for branding value.
So we're gonna need a banner that says
"Powered by Pied Piper" underneath the video window.
It doesn't have to be too big,
but you don't want it to be too small either.
Although, there's nothing small about Homicide,
Double-A. At least as far as I can tell.
Also, if it's, if it's possible--
Let me stop you right there, Richard.
We're gonna need to have our logos
on the car, Blaine's suit, his helmet.
If he wants to get a Flash tattoo
or something on his neck, that's on him.
Actually, um, in all honesty, Erlich
just pretty much said exactly what I was gonna say.
Uh-huh. Um, so, Richard...
- Yes? - Yeah?
Do you think you can make the preview window full resolution?
- Um, yes- - Richard can give you whatever you need.
But as far as the video player goes...
Guys, I'm sorry. I just remembered that I've got somewhere...
else to be.
All right. Well, Double-A, I'll see you soon.
I'm just gonna grab a shirt and we'll check you later.
What the fuck, dude? Hey, I love your tech.
But come back tomorrow without Kool-Aid,
or don't come back at all.
Honestly.
- Richard, what's going on? - What do you mean?
I'm catching kind of a vibe.
a weird vibe with you and Double-A.
Right. That. Well--
I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, Richard.
I don't think he likes you.
I mean, he literally rolled his eyes at you.
Why don't you just trust me on this one.
Let Kool-Aid do the talking tomorrow.
Take this stuff. I'm gonna grab a couple more drinks
and another hat.
I'm gonna get a box.
This is a total fucking disaster.
If my engineers had just told me they weren't ready,
I never would have pushed for this live stream.
Even worse, now I hear those little Pied Piper fuckers
are doing their own live stream with Homicide.
- The energy drink? - Yes.
Meanwhile, I've demanded to see internal testing
from every facet of the Nucleus platform.
So I can see for myself where I stand.
Because all I hear from everybody is good news.
Have I just surrounded myself with sycophants,
who are just telling me
whatever I want to hear, regardless of the truth?
No.
Thank you, Denpok. I really needed to hear that.
This might be morbid, but the cold hard fact is
that if Blaine dies on our live stream,
this could be good for us.
I mean, we'd get a lot more traffic.
Well, and it would probably lead to
calls for regulations in the stunt industry.
So, in the long term, we're saving lives.
Although, there is the moral problem with letting him die.
Though he did tell us to shut up.
And his name is Blaine.
And Gina is super hot.
And this would make her single.
She'd probably need consoling, so...
there's an opportunity.
Opportunity.
Should we SWOT this?
Bereaved women do tend to act out sexually.
Yeah, so that's a strength.
- Hey, Kool-Aid! - Yeah!
And? So?
And?
It wasn't meant to be a flattering nickname.
It was an insult.
I'm not sure I agree with that.
I mean, the dancing pitcher breaks through walls
to give tasty beverages to kids in need.
Why would you infer from this that Double-A doesn't like me?
Well, um, I wasn't inferring anything.
He told me to my face that he doesn't like you.
But why wouldn't he like me?
Well, uh,
you have a tendency sometimes to--
Why on earth wouldn't he like me?
Because, Erlich, you tend to not let--
I was his mentor. You know?
You know, there's no remote possibility--
Because you don't let people talk!
It just happened.
and he told me that if you came tomorrow
that he would pull the plug on the whole live stream.
I see.
Sorry.
Are you done talking now?
Yes.
Do Dinesh and Gilfoyle know about this?
Uh, no, I came straight to you.
What about Jared?
No.
Okay, here's what you need to do.
You need to go in tomorrow,
and you need to do that live stream.
Put my feelings aside, you know, don't quit on account of me.
I wasn't gonna... I wasn't gonna quit.
There is something you should know, though.
Aaron Anderson wasn't very well liked in college.
In fact, people used to call him "Double-Asshole."
So watch out for that guy.
Are you sure you're okay with this?
Yes, Richard. It's time for me to be the bigger man.
The cooler man.
I am Kool-Aid, after all.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for the last 90 minutes you have had opportunity
to explore a standard HooliPhone
upgraded with a brand-new operating system called Nucleus.
Thank you all for being here,
Aln, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie, Ramon.
I'd like to get everyone's first impressions.
Who'd like to jump in? Anyone?
- How about you, Ramon? - It's just stupid.
Okay, so Ramon feels the phone is stupid.
Could you elaborate, Ramon?
Stupid how? Please, be as specific as possible, Ramon.
Well, it's slow.
The apps keep quitting on me.
I tried to watch a movie, and it kept freezing up.
And when I'm typing, like, there's a delay.
Then all the letters pop up at once.
You took a good phone and you made it all, like, shitty.
- Keep in mind, I didn't design the phone. - It pissed me off.
I appreciate your honesty, Ramon.
That's just one guy's opinion.
Who else feels this product is stupid?
Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie.
And did it piss off anyone else?
Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie. Okay.
Christina, how bad is this? Be honest.
Is this Windows Vista bad?
It's not iPhone 4 bad, is it?
Fuck. Don't tell me this is Zune bad.
I'm sorry, Gavin. It's Apple Maps bad.
And who else felt this product is messed up?
- Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana... - Fuck!
I'm sorry for the disturbance, Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana.
So I can definitely get you full res on the preview window.
- Aw, sweet. - Cool. I'll get right on that.
You see how much smoother
this all runs without Erlich hanging around?
Right, yeah.
Hey, did you ever send me the mockup
for the logo placement of the player window?
Seriously, you should think about dropping that guy.
But what do I know?
I just built a billion-dollar company.
Yeah. Yeah, okay. But, uh,
about the mockup for the logo placement...
Oh, hey. I gotta go Skype with my European distributor.
Keep cranking it, okay?
Sure, uh, will do.
Excuse me.
That's not the final graphic for the live stream, is it?
Yep. Double-A signed off on it.
- Just that? There's nothing else? - Nope.
Blaine doesn't die,
but he is horribly incapacitated.
And then while he's in the hospital,
he gets a flesh-eating virus,
and then he dies.
Well, obviously...
his incessant suffering will be a strength.
But our ability to enjoy it is an opportunity.
What if before he dies...
Gina catches the virus?
And then she spreads it from her vagina to your penis.
Wait, so in this scenario,
I get to have sex with Gina? That's an opportunity.
- Okay, how about this? - I'm listening.
We let Blaine die,
but then he's not around to stop someone else
from committinsome huge fucked-up act of evil?
- The "Kill Hitler" scenario. - Right.
Hey, guys? You guys busy?
Cool.
I got something I gotta say.
Listen. I know that I was really rude to both of you yesterday.
It's just, um...
when I got a stunt coming up, I'm a bundle of nerves,
and sometimes I can take that out on other people.
Even with all the support that I get from Gina and our kids.
- Kids - ... I don't know why.
But... and then again,
I'm a guy who needs to risk his life jumping over stuff.
So, what's that all about, right?
You know, actually just an hour ago
I spotted an error in my math.
Would have had me smeared across the side of that building.
Anyway, now I'm just totally rambling.
Typical Blaine.
What I wanted to say was
that I'm sorry.
Are we cool?
Yeah, we're cool. Thanks for stopping by.
Yeah, you should go quickly, 'cause we have work to do.
What's this?
What is that?
"Let Blaine die"?
Oh. Shit. We write in code-- we write in code.
- This is compression-- - "Strengths.
Blaine's last moment is realizing face is gone"?
"Weaknesses: Blaine dies super fast."
Yeah, you really shouldn't be looking at that.
That's all proprietary.
"Opportunities: fuck Gina"?
Would you believe that was here when we came in?
Double-A? Can I talk to you for a second?
Uh, yeah. Leave me alone for a sec. What's up?
Well, okay, uh, I just saw a version of the player window
that apparently you approved
of that says Powered by Homicide on it?
Oh. Yeah, it does.
Right. Well, there's no Pied Piper logo.
Like anywhere. So what's up with that?
Homicide is an energy drink,
and "Power" means energy.
So that's kind of confusing to the consumer,
so I think we're gonna keep it the way it is.
Uh, the whole point of doing this
was so that we could get our name out there. Remember?
I tell you what. Let's see how it goes this time,
the next time we'll work something out.
Uh, no. No. We can't see how it goes this time.
There is no next time. Okay?
We are racing to get our platform ready for CES.
And we took time away from doing that
to do this so we could get PR value.
If no one sees the logo, then there's no PR value at all.
Oh, man. I'm sorry. But you get it.
No, I don't get it.
Okay, look, you have to put our logo in the viewer.
That's it. Period.
Actually, I don't have to do a damn thing.
- Yeah, you do. - No, I don't.
Okay, then neither do I.
Richard, don't be an asshole
like your buddy Kool-Aid. Okay?
Just finish the build, okay?
You know what, Double-A?
Erlich was right.
You are an asshole.
In fact, you're a double-asshole!
What did you call me?
I... I called you a double-assle.
'Cause, you know, you're being an asshole.
Double-A, double-asshole. You know?
You're twice the asshole. Twice-hole. Double-asshole.
Is that a colostomy bag?
Do you have any idea what it's like to be ten years old
and carry your own shit around in a bag?
To have two assholes?
I didn't know...
- Hey, Richard? - We should go.
"Opportunities: urinate on Blaine's grave"?
"Grief threesome with Gina
and Blaine's hot mom, question mark"?
- What the fuck?! - I didn't...
- Richard! - But I mean, you were being an asshole.
Okay, good luck.
To his face?
You called him that to his face?!
How could you not mention the colostomy bag?
Because it's a very private and personal matter!
It's not a laughing matter!
But you called him double-asshole first.
Remember? In college?
Yeah, but not to his face.
Never to his face!
Not even I'm not that fucking cruel!
- But you are! - I'm actually not.
You tore double-asshole a third asshole!
Triple-A!
Yeah, that was all my fault somehow?
Yeah, that was a big wank.
Since we're already set up for a live stream,
might I make a suggestion?
It looks even better than I thought it would.
Is that a still image?
It's not frozen, is it?
No, it's live. It's just not moving very much
because it's a fucking egg.
But think of the wonderful things going on inside that egg.
The resolution in your imagination is infinite.
Oh, hey, we're up to 17 views.
Okay, well, this isn't the PR coup that we'd envisioned.
But, uh, Nucleus fucked up way worse.
At least we can go back to work knowing
that we're the only middle-out compression
that actually functions.
New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc? Steel-aged.
Drinks great during the day.
I can move, so you guys can stand next to each other.
Jared! God, no!
Dude, no.
Russ, hey.
Good job, my man! Fucking live stream looks amazing!
- It does? - Yeah, Homicide must be stoked!
Homicide? What?
I love the new name. It's kick-ass.
I always thought Pied Piper was kind of a limp-dick name.
EndFrame is way cooler.
EndFrame? What?
Three, two, one!
He made it. Farewell, sweet Gina.
"Powered by EndFrame."
Who the fuck is EndFrame?
Why is their fucking logo on this live stream?
- EndFrame isn't you guys? - Oh, fuck!
EndFrame is those guys that
brain-raped us at Branscomb Ventures.
"EndFrame is a compression company specializing
in middle-out compression technology."
Those pricks! They stole my algorithm!
I know guys at the FBI we could call. Were you fucking hacked?
- Actually, no. - Well, how did they get it then?
I'm sorry?
How did they get it then, Richard?
How did they get it?
Well, we kinda found ourselves in their conference room,
and accidentally sketched out our key components
to our algorithm's data model on their whiteboards.
You fucking--
Russ?
He hung up.
I'd file this one under "Weakness", Jared.
Hey, welcome to EndFrame.
Yes, hi. Would you-- Just tell your boss
that the CEO of Pied Piper is here to see them?
That's the company that they ripped off.
Sure. And your name is, sir?
Erlich Bachman.
No. I'm Richard Hendricks. I'm the CEO.
- Oh, really? - Yes.
Why would you assume that he's the CEO?
Well, he's... No reason.
The guys are in a staff meeting right now though.
They should be out shortly.
Would you guys like some water while you wait?
We have four flavors,
and the cartons are made from locally sourced organic--
Yeah, we get it. You're funded, so...
They're good.
The market has been exceptionally volatile lately.
As a result...
many of the very aggressive positions we took...
at your specific request have performed poorly.
Very, very poorly.
Do you understand?
Yeah. Would you fuck her?
If I weren't married, I suppose...
but, Russ, as your business manager,
I need to tell you something,
and you're not going to like it.
At all.
So, what's the plan here, Richard?
We're not gonna, like, fight them, right?
No, no. I don't... I just...
I mean, we got to do something.
Even if it's just yelling at them...
telling them that they're not gonna get away with this.
But you know they are, right?
Well, not if I have anything to do about it.
But you sort of don't.
I support you, Richard, no matter how futile the effort.
Thanks.
Look who just right-swiped me on Tinder.
Karen.
She's cute.
Says here that she's looking for a man on the go.
You don't "Go" Anywhere.
What, are you getting that res on 4G?
She's cute, right?
Yoyodyne Wi-Fi?
That's the company next door.
Why is their Wi-Fi password saved on your phone, Dinesh?
I have a friend who works there.
Friend?
What friend? You don't have any friends.
Maroush Davidson Jones.
Okay, fine. Fine. You got me.
A couple of weeks back, I went on a few interviews, okay?
And Yoyodyne was one of them.
Jesus. Back off.
Outed by Wi-Fi.
It was when you said you were selling to Hooli...
and you know, as soon as you went with Russ, I blew them off.
You know what? Fuck this.
I'm not waiting anymore. I'm going in there.
Mr. Bachman's walking back to you now.
That's not my name. My name is Richard Hendricks.
Hey, remember us?
Hey, guys. What's up?
You know what you did.
Okay? I saw your live stream.
Okay? I saw your "Algorithm."
That's mine. You stole it.
Stole? We asked you guys some questions a while back...
and you were very helpful.
See? Look. These, the photos. These are the photos.
This is proof that you stole it from us.
No, those photos prove that you gave it to us.
Well, you're stealing it all wrong.
I mean, this is how you're gonna build the code book?
Honestly? This is bush-league.
And look at all these redundancies.
I mean, look, if you're gonna build it like that...
- Richard, no. - Richard.
Hey, pen down, Dumbledorf.
Suffice to say...
there is something somewhere on this board...
that is gonna strangle you at scale.
Don't write that down. Stop.
Hear me when I say this.
Your tech is always gonna be worse than ours.
That's fine.
How is that fine?
'Cause we have a finished platform and you don't.
Which means, we're the only middle-out company
currently in the marketplace.
And that's enough for my sales team.
Your what?
This is our sales team.
Okay.
Hear that sound, buddy?
That's the sound of us leaving you in the dust.
Gentlemen of the Hooli board... and lady,
question, what is failure?
To the ignorant or those in conventional industries,
the recent Nucleus glitch may seem a failure...
purely in the negative sense.
But we, in this valley,
all know that "Failures" just like this one...
are really stepping stones.
To bring us the iPhone,
Steve Jobs first had to bring us...
the Newton.
To bring us Facebook...
Mark Zuckerberg also had to bring us Wirehog.
Before he brought us Digg, Kevin Rose...
had to bring us a whole lot of useless things...
and after Digg as well, for that matter.
The point being...
what those in dying business sectors call failure,
we, in tech, know to be pre-greatness.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Are you telling us that the disastrous results
of your Nucleus live stream are a good thing?
No, I'm not telling you that.
History is telling you that.
Please, Gavin, enough spin.
A misstep of that magnitude, there's no excuse.
It's not like we can tell the shareholders
you've suddenly added new functionality.
Haven't I?
Have you?
We weren't told about this.
If I told you about it,
it wouldn't exactly be a secret function.
Now, would it?
Secret function?
Are you saying you've added
something new to the Nucleus platform?
Imagine if you will...
a function so game-changing,
that its integration into Nucleus
will justify any miscue in the platform's roll out.
Imagine, if you will, a function so game-changing,
that its integration into Nucleus
will justify any miscue in the platform's roll out.
Seriously, imagine it,
and do it quickly.
You were all brought here to generate moonshots.
I need a moonshot now.
If there's any greatness in any of you at all,
now is the time to access it.
Please don't disappoint me.
Please, please, please don't disappoint me.
Maybe start after lunch?
- Yeah. - Yeah.
Hello? Russ?
Oh, my God. Is that shit?
Is there dog shit on the floor?
Yes, it's shit.
God!
What happened to your painting?
That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
I've got some bad news,
and you're gonna hear it eventually,
so you might as well hear it from me.
Sit down.
My accountant has informed me that, uh...
I'm financially ruined.
Holy shit. How?
Because of a series of...
bad investments that my fucking money guy
let me talk him into,
I've managed to lose over $200 million.
Wait. Didn't you start out with $1.2 billion?
I mean, you're not exactly broke, right?
I might as well be.
$986 million?
I'm not a billionaire anymore, Richard.
I'm a nine-hundred- and-eighty-sixionaire,
which isn't even a fucking thing.
I'm out of the Three Comma Club.
Functionally, I'm just like you.
Jesus, fuck, that's depressing.
Right. But you're still, basically, a billionaire.
Not if you round down.
If you round down, I have zero billion.
"Forbes" has taken me off their billionaire's list.
Instead, they'll probably put me on their...
close-but-no-cigar list,
which is ironic because I smoke a fuck ton of cigars.
Why the fuck do I buy so many cigars?
I remember the second I became a billionaire.
I was ass-naked sitting right there,
just clicking and refreshing, clicking and refreshing,
watching my stock rise. And when it happened,
I popped a rod so fast, I went blind for a full minute.
Nutted all over those cushions.
I was the king.
Now look at me.
Two shitty fucking commas.
I had to sell my McLaren.
Yeah, but there's a Maserati in the driveway.
Who gives a fuck?
That has doors that open like this.
Not like this.
Or like this.
So it's all fucked.
Well, it's not all fucked.
You did save $50,000 not paying for the charity ball tickets
that you gave me.
Quite an embarrassing moment for Jian-Yang and I.
What? Richard, listen, my accountants tell me...
I need you to start throwing off cash
as quickly as possible, okay?
But you said generating revenue
was exactly what we shouldn't be doing.
But now that I'm spelling billion with an "M,"
I'm saying do the exact opposite.
I need you to come back to me in 24 hours
and bring me a proposal that turns the entire operation
into a sales-based model,
just like you told me those assholes over at EndFrame have.
You're gonna dig me out of this hole, Richard.
- What? - You said it yourself.
EndFrame is built to grab a bunch of cash quickly,
and that's what I need.
Dad, where is Mom?
Your mom is with her friend Philippe.
They're in Napa. She's gonna be a few hours.
These guys are gonna watch you, okay?
Watch out for the dog shit. Okay?
I gotta hit the road.
Daddy's going to Vegas.
Flying in a rented Citation Ultra.
Fuck me!
Hello.
Hey, buddy.
Russ wants us to convert to a sales model?
That's just not possible.
I mean, you saw the size of that team at EndFrame.
There were 40 people in that room?
Right.
Even if we fired all of the engineers that we just hired...
Looking good.
Keep at it, Claude.
Absolutely. Your jobs are not at risk.
That's very comforting.
Even if we adjusted our workforce
and hired sales people instead,
service-level agreements like that are enormously complex,
they take a huge number of man hours.
There's no way we could find clients, negotiate terms,
and push deals out the funnel fast enough
to yield real cash anytime soon.
We're just not built for it.
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, Karen posted another photo.
Sending it to you right now.
Wait. Why does it say "Sent from my iPhone" at the bottom?
You just sent this from your computer.
It's so that I seem like
I'm an out-and-about kind of person.
I put that in the signature
and then in the body, I'll write fun stuff,
like, "I'm at the opening of a secret restaurant."
Or, "I'm watching 'Jaws' at the pool of an old hotel."
You know, keep it fun, vague, mysterious.
It is a mystery why you think you'll ever see
a woman naked.
Dinesh, do you want a piece of advice?
No, thank you. Okay, I...
I know Karen is out of my league.
Okay? She's practically not my species.
I'm a guppy, and I'm trying to mate with a dolphin.
You guys are bottom-feeders.
You're like the fish that swim into other fish's mouths
and eat bacteria off their teeth.
There's no such fish. You made that fish up.
Okay, it's an analogy.
I'm not gonna debate
the existence of the literal fish with you,
'cause it's not relevant.
Well good, 'cause it doesn't exist.
That is a real fish.
Why don't you just send emails,
from your actual iPhone?
It's all the way in my room.
Wait, so you are trying to convince this girl
that you run half-marathons,
but you won't walk halfway across this house
to get your iPhone?
Basically.
Hi. Is there a... a Russ...
Boy genius, what's up?
Hey, Russ, uh...
Look, I've run the numbers 50 different ways,
and I just don't know how I'm gonna convert...
You don't need to know. I don't pay you to know.
Know what?
That's right. I know, you don't know.
- I don't know what you know. - No, you don't know,
'cause I figured it out.
You know what? It's what I do.
I put radio on the Internet.
I'm putting the third comma back into my net worth,
and you don't have to do jack shit.
Thanks. Come on, let's get some food. I'm starving.
Do you want your...
Richard, hey.
Good to see you again.
What is this?
This is the solution.
They're not a competitor if you're a part of them, right?
Pied Piper is gonna merge with EndFrame.
I mean, seriously, I'm a genius, right?
Where the fuck are you going?
You're gonna blow this deal.
You cannot be serious.
Those are the guys who ripped off my algorithm,
which they totally fucked up, by the way.
Okay, so now you can fix it.
Y-You give them a better algorithm,
they'll give you a killer sales team.
And in exchange for bringing you to them,
they give me a big fat buyout of my stake in your company.
I'm that much closer to re-billionizing.
Those guys are clowns.
Clowns with commitments worth millions.
Did you know they have a deal on the table with Intersite?
Intersite? The porn company? Really?
I know. Awesome, right?
And they've done months of hard work.
All you have to do is show up and compress shit.
The answer is no.
Wrong. You do this deal, or I pull your funding.
Well, you can't pull funding because we have a contract, so...
Oh, we have a contract?
We have a fucking contract, Richard?
You wanna know what I have?
A fucking car whose doors open like this.
Not like this, not like this.
These are not the doors of a billionaire, Richard.
Fuck you!
Fuck you in the ass.
So you wanna sue Russ Hanneman?
Yeah. Yeah, we had a contract.
He promised to give us $5 million
and now he's welshing.
And you wanna sue EndFrame?
Yes, because they stole our IP.
Before or... after you gave it to 'em?
Okay, we were tricked, so...
Richie, you're not a guy
that should be worried about suing people.
You need to be worried about the guy at Hooli
who's suing you.
If you don't mount a vigorous legal defense,
then you lose to Gavin Belson by default.
And you are stamped "Property of Hooli."
You let Hanneman walk,
how you plan on paying these cats?
I just paid them 80 grand.
As a retainer.
That retains them.
Now you gotta pay them.
Hold on. So I just paid them $80,000...
for the right to pay them more?
Yeah.
Fucking lawyers, man. Right?
Like it or not, Richie,
you're stuck with Hanneman.
I mean, technically, it's not even a merger.
EndFrame just absorbs you, and you're gone.
Right. So, basically,
we end up working for EndFrame
after giving them our idea,
which was way better than theirs,
and they end up making more money than us.
Fuck that. Assholes.
Fucking king-sized assholes.
Butt-holes indeed.
What if we didn't do that?
What if, instead, we got our own client like EndFrame has,
a porn company or something?
That's not really how it works, Gilfoyle.
You can't just go get a client.
- Why not? - 'Cause it's not that easy.
Why not?
'Cause EndFrame worked that Intersite deal for months,
kicking every detail of the contract
and SLA back and forth,
promising tons of custom features.
And you can't just make that stuff up.
What if I didn't have to make it up?
What if I had every detail of their deal
on my computer right in front of me?
I'm sorry, um...
Are you just asking what if...
or do you actually have this information?
Gilfoyle, please don't tell me...
that you hacked into EndFrame's system.
Okay. I won't tell you that.
W-Well, did you hack into it or not?
My feeling is...
if you're the CEO of a company
and you're dumb enough to leave your login info
on a Post-it note on your desk,
while the people that you fucking ripped off
are physically in your office, it's not a hack.
It's barely social engineering.
It's more like natural selection.
Fucking ninja.
Okay. I was not in the room while this was happening.
This is way over the line.
This is crazy illegal.
We're not trading on stolen information. It's not worth it.
What if it was worth it?
It's not, so...
Gilfoyle, uh, hypothetically,
how much is it worth?
$15 million.
- What? - Holy shit!
Okay, I was definitely not in the room while this happened.
I've got it all right here with a bow on it--
delivery dates, benchmarks.
They're promising to deliver
high-quality 4K streaming video
at 20 megabits per second.
That's it? That's dog shit.
If we can put a half-decent build
of our platform in front of Intersite,
I mean, we can shark this 15 mil right out from under EndFrame.
I... I don't understand.
How does Intersite have all this money to throw around?
It's pornography, Richard.
Adult content has driven more
important tech adaption than anything.
The first fiction ever published on a printing press
was an erotic tale.
And from there, it was Super 8 film...
Polaroid, home video,
digital, video on demand...
Credit card verification systems, Snapchat.
Pornography accounts for 37% of all Internet traffic.
38 when I'm on it.
Reducing Intersite server load by a tiny fraction,
could save them tens of millions of dollars a year.
Hundreds.
$15 million is only like six hours
of Intersite CDN bill, right?
But to us, that...
I mean, we could settle out with Russ,
pay our legal fees,
have plenty of runway to get us to CES.
Minor detail. This is stealing.
You mean like lying and telling someone
that you want to fund their company,
and then taking their tech when they meet with you?
Like that kind of stealing?
You wanted to do something, Richard.
This is something.
It's time to walk the left-hand path, Richard.
The statistics here are clear.
Protecting existing revenue streams...
in the current climate is no longer a viable option.
We must run forward simply to stay in place,
by doing what the adult industry has always done, lead.
Pioneering cutting-edge interfaces
across new device platforms like Oculus and iWhack
will be the key to our survival as an industry.
And based on their recent investment patterns,
tech leaders such as Facebook agree.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the future.
What is that on your computer screen? A fractal?
No, it's just pictures of art I've been sending Karen
from my mobile phone which is charging over there.
I told her I just got back from
a gallery opening in Hunter's Point.
Who painted that disappointment?
Jaden, age five.
I got it from his Montessori school website.
He's not online, he's never gonna find out.
What?
Crimes against children--
really, so easy to get away with.
Oh, another text from Karen.
"In your 'hood. Can I come over?
"IDK. Too soon, question mark."
Fuck.
What's the issue?
This is what you want.
You know, it's... the place is so dirty right now.
Probably another day is best for such activity?
Um, should I tell her I'm out getting Ethiopian tapas?
I don't see what the problem is here.
She wants to come over, and she acknowledged that it's too soon.
You've basically done the deed...
which for you is...
ejaculating in your own pants all over your leg...
and then apologizing profusely.
Just maintain eye contact,
light some scented candles and throw in some Sade.
The early stuff, though,
before her arrangements got too baroque.
Okay, that is sad.
I can do this. Um...
She would never sleep with a guy who lives like this.
I don't even know where to start.
Um, do you guys want to help me
clean up a little bit real quick?
No, don't do that.
Uh, Miss Kendall.
Excuse me.
I am data compression.
I do data compression,
and, uh, I know that, um, EndFrame is telling you
that they can lower your bandwidth and storage costs
by delivering your new 4K video stream
at 20 megabits per second.
Who the hell are you?
Uh, sorry. I'm Pied Piper.
I am Richard Hendricks of...
- You're the CEO. - Yes.
- Uh, thank you. - I saw you at TechCrunch.
How do you know the specs of my EndFrame deal?
I can't... I don't...
Okay. I don't like this at all,
Richard Hendricks.
I'm sorry. Goodbye.
I can save you millions in bandwidth.
My, uh, algorithm is lossless.
I can deliver the same 4K video,
at seven megabits per second, 60 fps.
We are faster
and have a higher quality than EndFrame
at a third of the bit rate.
- Bullshit. - I can prove it.
Before you spend a dime, let me prove it.
You know I'm on the board of two charities
and a no-kill animal shelter with Gavin Belson, right?
The man who is suing you for stealing his IP.
That lawsuit's bullshit.
I have a very complicated deal in place with EndFrame.
Why should I back out and take a risk on you?
Back there, you said that your business needs to do
whatever it takes in order to survive.
Well, so does mine.
And this is it.
If I don't get this deal, my company is dead.
So this is your place?
Yes.
I know it's weird that a guy like me would live here,
but, honestly, this is just where I rest.
Out there is where I live.
Did you get my link to the Catalan animation festival?
Oh, did I?
Where do you stand on the subtitling v. dubbing debate?
'Cause to me, dubbing is boorish.
'Cause every language to me has its own...
Hey, how'd you get on our Wi-Fi?
How does your phone know the password?
Did it?
Yeah, it connected immediately.
It's an alpha-numeric...
long password.
Um... I...
Okay, this is really weird.
Karen?
Erlich.
I didn't realize that it was you, Karen,
the Karen that Dinesh...
You two know each other?
In a sense. Yeah.
- What... - Outed by Wi-Fi.
Is the specifics of the "Sense"?
You never, uh-- you never called.
I, uh... got super busy.
Hey, we all do.
Well, we should probably head to the festival, so...
So did you ever find my earrings?
I-- I don't know.
Should we, uh, check the old lost and found?
Okay.
So, here goes.
By wearing this standard Hooli ear-bud headphone,
modified with a small piezoelectric sensor,
the user can control their Hooli phone
solely with their neural impulses.
Point, click, drag, even type...
all using only brainwaves.
Think it...
and it happens.
Holy shit!
Seriously?
Seriously.
This is great.
Fuck, yes, team!
So, uh, what's our, um, timeline here?
I mean, when do we start testing this?
How long before we can integrate this into Nucleus?
Not long.
It'll probably happen in our lifetime.
We just have to figure out how to make it work.
But I really believe that our grandchildren
are going to grow up taking this technology for granted.
Our grandchildren?
I know you're single, but you might meet someone.
No. No! No!
What do you have that's ready now?
Truth be told, we kind of put all our eggs into this basket,
but we do have the kick-ass potato cannon, though.
Although, actually, this one is broken.
We tried to put a Mr. Potato Head in it,
and it did not like that.
Still in there, right?
What do you think? Will they ever find those earrings?
Funny thing about lost items...
always in the last place you look.
Thanks for coming in, guys.
I look forward to working with you.
Us too.
Come on back. This way.
We're right in here.
Oh, hey, Mark.
Good to see you again.
What is this?
This is a bake off.
I'm gonna give EndFrame and Pied Piper
the same video library to compress.
In a week, I'll review
and award the contract to whoever does a better job.
What?
- "Who- whomever." - What?
"Whomever does the better..." But okay, yeah. Never mind.
Welcome to the left-hand path, my friend.
That was awesome. We just fed our hogs
To those EndFrame motherfuckers.
I don't know.
Oh, shit.
Richard.
I just got a call from Marc at EndFrame.
Yeah. Uh...
Sorry that that deal didn't go through, Russ,
But this bake-off can be huge for us.
And we should actually get started.
- We have a lot of work to do. - Yeah.
We have a lot of work to do, Richard.
A lot.
We have to drink this entire bottle of tequila today.
- What? - Bake-off, bitch.
Let's get fucked up. Shots, baby.
- I don't... I don't... - Richard,
This is my own brand.
Tres comas.
Do you know what that means in Spanish?
Three comm... Nope.
Three commas.
As in, the number I'll have
when we are done kicking the tar out of endframe
and I make that fuck pile of intersite money.
Am I right? Come on, shots.
So you're not mad?
No, of course not.
Okay. Yeah, sure. I'll just do one shot.
We are going to drink to re-billionizing.
Okay.
To re-billionizing.
- To re-billionizing. - That's it.
One more?
Russ...
We need to pay our lawyers...
And we need to pay our engineers.
So, before you go, can you just write us another check please?
What? No, Richard, giving you money right now
is the worst thing I could do for you.
What? Why? How?
Look what just happened.
I threatened to walk and you turned lean and hungry,
and you clawed your way into a $15-million deal.
And when you win this bake-off,
because I gave you no money,
and I get my... third comma back...
I promise you this, Richard.
I'm gonna come back here and you and I are gonna polish off
this entire motherfucking bottle of tres comas together.
Put it right up high.
Come on! Don't leave me hanging.
That's it! That's how we do business.
The Nucleus ad buy will be the largest in our history.
Awareness of this product will be unprecedented.
Yeah. Am I the only one concerned about over-exposure?
Well, we haven't seen the platform yet,
but we're planning on slipping Nucleus
to influential tech journalists and bloggers.
Because, certainly, once they see Nucleus--
Sorry, sorry. That strategy just sounds so inside the box.
Might it not be more innovative
To shroud nucleus in mystery
until the official roll out next January?
Gavin, I'm sorry.
Is everything okay with Nucleus?
We are on schedule, yes?
Because based on your assurances,
we've staked substantial resources on its performance.
Gentlemen of the board, and Rachel,
Listen to me very carefully.
Nucleus is on track.
And you have my word that if it fails to be
everything we need it to be,
someone will be held responsible.
Me?
You want me to come back to Hooli?
No way. It's too late.
I've accepted MIT's offer of tenure.
My wife, my children, and my mother
are already back in Boston.
I'm here because I believe in you.
And because I believe we didn't believe in you enough before.
Yeah, you did not.
XYZ was beneath your talent.
Surely you felt it. I did.
Why else would I lay it off on Gighetti?
Xyz is about the distant future.
But we can't wait for you. We need you now,
guiding critical components of our core business.
Components like Nucleus.
I'm sorry. Are you... Are you offering to put me
in full charge of Nucleus?
Indeed I am. You and only you.
You'll get the credit and the glory.
The name Davis Bannerchek will be
inextricably linked with that of Nucleus.
I mean, there's a chance no one will know
I had anything to do with it at all.
Gentlemen, nothing else in the truck. Stop.
Who's done with the transcoding workflow? Me.
Good job, Carla.
Or should I say, "Scrumptious"?
Because of the board, the scrum board.
- Oh, I get it. - Yeah.
Or just... I mean, not you.
I mean, you could... You are.
Also, thanks to everybody
for forgoing your salary this week.
Remember, if we win...
bonuses all around, so...
Go team.
When we win.
That is rousing, Richard.
Yeah, so, when we win it.
Have you guys seen this?
Seth, the network security guy from Endframe,
just changed his Linkedin status to "unemployed."
No way.
You think we got him fired?
I bet we did.
That's awesome.
Well, we never actually breached his security.
Remember we got Mark's login info
and went through the front door?
So, he didn't actually do anything wrong.
He worked for Endframe,
the pieces of shit that stole our algorithm.
Yeah. So by the transitive property,
he is, therefore, also a piece of shit.
Well, the pieces of shit fired him.
So his "Piece of shit" status is reversed.
Okay, fine. So the transitive property may no longer apply,
but the reflexive property states everything's equal to itself.
So, since he's a piece of shit, he's a piece of shit.
Okay, math aside,
the point I'm trying to make here is
we didn't actually break his code. Okay?
So he's getting fired for no reason.
And I kinda feel bad for the guy.
He's probably pulling his hair out somewhere,
wondering where he screwed up.
But he didn't screw up,
and he'll never know that for the rest of his life.
I bet you're right.
He probably is just ripping his hair out somewhere.
I wish I could see that.
Piece of shit.
He's a piece of shit.
Monica?
Did you forget about Jian-Yang and I's pitch?
No, I was on my phone.
You talking to Benson or Hedges?
Am I right? Cigarette company.
Clever.
What if I told you there is an app on the market...
Not now. No, you wait until you're inside. Okay?
We haven't even gotten the bottle of water yet.
Head in. I'll meet you in there. I just...
need to finish this call.
Sure. Cool with a "K."
Okay.
Water.
What if I told you there is an app...
Jian-Yang, this is the assistant.
We wait for the boss to pitch.
The woman you saw outside. Okay?
The lady who was smoking? You said no.
Sorry, sorry... Monica was smoking?
- Cigarettes? - Cigarettes.
No, no, no. He's confused.
He's Chinese.
He's talking about this crack-addict prostitute
we saw at the gas station. She was smoking cigarettes.
So sad.
Jian-Yang, what're you doing? This is Palo Alto.
People are lunatics about smoking here.
We don't enjoy all the freedoms that you have in China.
All right? Where people smoke all the time.
I don't smoke.
Except for special occasions.
So you do smoke?
Wait, have you been smoking in my house?
No. There's no special occasion ever happen in your house.
See this little bald spot on my temple?
I've literally been tearing my own hair out.
I e-mailed Gilfoyle about a dozen times,
and all he kept sending me were these photos.
Some woman choking. Balls.
Choking... A pair of balls. I... I get it.
"Choke on my balls." It's like a rebus.
He's such a dick.
How the fuck did he get into my system?
At least give me a hint.
Something. Anything.
Fuck.
What if, hypothetically...
there was a certain CEO in your office,
that left his login information on a post-it,
and a certain someone
took it, and used that to get in?
Are you saying Gilfoyle never penetrated my network?
I'm saying...
you weren't fired because of
anything to do with your security config.
It wasn't my fault?
- Oh, my God. - You know what?
I'm glad I came here.
I think it's good just to get everything out in the open.
That piece of shit!
Gilfoyle kept taunting me and taunting me.
- What're you doing? No... - Hello, Gilfoyle?
Don't call him.
- It's Seth. - Don't mention me or...
Richard just told me about the post-it. So, fuck you!
You just fucked with the wrong hacker.
There's... there's kids.
I'm gonna skullfuck your whole system.
Fuck you, Gilfoyle!
Fuck you, Richard!
Fuck all of you Pied Piper fucks!
I actually, don't-- I don't know him.
I'm just here by myself.
Just watching and waiting.
I love kids. Not like that.
So...
why would you do that? Why would you go talk to him?
I don't know, you know.
Face-to-face meetings make things better.
I just felt bad for the guy, and he was not doing well.
I mean, what if I hadn't said anything and he'd have,
you know... killed himself?
Yeah, well, there's no chance of that now, is there?
Richard, you don't seem to understand what's going on.
We hacked into Endframe's system and stole their specs.
You can't go traipsing around to their former employees,
telling them how we did it just to make them feel better.
You're a fucking black hat now. Act like it.
What? I'm a black hat? How am I a black hat?
Endframe stole from us first.
And since the negative of a negative is a positive,
stealing from a thief is okay.
It's the additive inverse property.
Math aside, Richard, we're all black hats now.
The point is, what are we gonna do about Seth?
How do you mean?
Well, I mean, we have an unemployed
and very pissed off systems guy,
who very publicly threatened to skullfuck our whole system.
He's not gonna do shit.
He's a coder.
By definition, we're all pussies.
Look, he'll vent for half an hour...
and then he'll go LARPing and mogging
and stroke his dick for a while.
Even if he does try to crack us, Richard,
I built our network security myself.
I'm not worried about it at all.
So, just...
this doesn't concern you guys?
Okay, because he said, and I quote...
that he was going to skullfuck us!
- You have a great daughter. - Come on, Ashley, let's go.
Go for Erlich.
Thanks for outing me.
You're gay.
That explains so much.
No, outing me for smoking.
I was heading home
when my insane boss called me into the conference room
for some kind of anti-smoking intervention.
"No one ever died from secondhand heroin."
Yeah, she said that.
- What did you say? - I said nothing.
Jian-yang may have...
let a little something slip to your boy friday,
But don't worry, I covered with aplomb.
That little weasel tells Laurie everything.
On that topic, what did you think of his app?
The fundamental idea is sound.
An app that helps parents find the least crowded playgrounds.
Good. So you understood him.
The problem is, he's basically created the perfect tool
for pedophiles to find victims.
Yes, and pedophiles are typically not early-adopters,
so we would miss out on that whole market.
That's problematic.
Well, we'll tweak it when we present it to your boss.
I don't think what I saw was close to ready for Laurie.
Oh, really, Monica? I'm sorry that your boss
unearthed your filthy little secret,
but believe it or not I actually tried to have your back,
and I was hoping you might do the same for me.
Then again, your judgment is suspect.
You are a smoker.
I smoke a few cigarettes a week.
Fine. I'll ask Laurie for five minutes, but that's it.
And tell Jian-yang he better bring it.
Monica, we may never know
what indecipherable Chinese province Jian-yang comes from,
but I know this much,
Jian-yang was born to bring it, and you have got to try women.
I mean, just give it a chan--
I'm sure the work that you have done so far has been very good.
But now that I am here, the real work begins,
and time is of the essence.
I'm gonna need status reports from every department.
Where are we?
We have a mobile beta on a hooliphone.
You wanna see it?
Yeah.
He quit?
What do you mean he quit?
According to security, he entered the building at 9:13.
He met with the Nucleus team for 11 minutes.
Then he used his key card to exit the building.
Three minutes later, he was clocked at 73
in a 25 zone going past our daycare center.
He never returned,
and he hasn't responded to our calls or e-mail.
Gavin, is it possible that this is a good thing?
Bannerchek was gonna step in at the last minute
and take a lot of the credit for Nucleus.
Now the world will know that you're responsible for Nucleus.
You and you alone.
Not now!
Okay, so no attempts to externally access the system?
Right? No sqli, xss,
worms, trojans, nothing?
Same answer as I gave you the last three days. No.
Seth hasn't done shit. We're all good.
Richard, your paranoia has become officially tedious.
Okay, okay. Our platform is basically built.
Tomorrow, intersite is gonna start dumping
100 terabytes of video
directly onto our server via fucking ftp.
We are gonna be the most vulnerable we've ever been.
And Seth is out there lurking.
Just lurking in the darknet ready to pounce
like an internet panther. And we don't care.
Okay, well, frankly, your lack of paranoia is insane to me.
Now you're paranoid that we're not paranoid enough?
You're para-paranoid, Richard.
Where are you going?
To the kitchen.
Why are you going together? Are you gonna talk about me?
What're you looking at?
You guys have got a lot of work to do.
I'm glad you reached out.
And I want you to know
I'm not gonna do any of those things that I threatened to do.
Really? Just to be clear, no skullfucking of any kind?
No. I guess I just needed to vent.
Actually, I was pretty worried
that your were gonna do something crazy.
You can relax.
And please tell Gilfoyle I'm sorry for what I said,
and that he can relax, too.
Oh, you don't have to worry about Gilfoyle.
He couldn't have cared less.
Really?
Yeah. You know, I gotta-- I gotta be honest.
I mean, I'm really glad I came back here.
I mean, Dinesh and Gilfoyle obviously said it was a bad idea,
Especially given what happened.
But this just really restores my faith
that face-to-face meetings are the way to--
That smug cocksucker didn't think I had the skills
to break into his system, that motherfucker.
What? What are you-- don't... Who are you calling?
Hello, Gilfoyle. It's Seth again.
- Hey, don't mention that I-- - Richard here just told me
You're not afraid of me.
Well, you know what I'm gonna do to you now, motherfucker?
Get out our here. Scatter. Scatter.
I'm skullfucking the shit out of your system this time.
How you like me now, you cocksucking,
motherfucking piece of shit?
In our initial build
we realized that the same geo-tagging technology
that could be used to locate uncrowded playgrounds
could also be used to prey on children,
our greatest natural resource,
by one of society's worst elements--
pedophiles.
The pedophile facing nature of the app
would present marketing pain points. Yes.
But under Monica's guidance,
we realized the same technology could also be used
to create a real-time, crowd-sourced map
of an even worse segment of the population.
Worse than pedophiles?
Smokers.
Because, let's face it,
No one's ever died of secondhand heroin.
True. True.
With our app, users can locate
and thus avoid these self-indulgent,
self-destructive, negligent monsters.
- Negligent? - Yeah.
We call it "Smokation."
It's a clever hybrid of "Smoker" and "Location."
It's interesting.
It's interesting.
Well done. Well done.
So what kind of term sheet do you think she's gonna lay on us?
There's a lot of work to do,
but you certainly knew how to play to your audience.
So I'd say it looks good.
Oh, today is a great day.
What is he doing?
Special occasion.
Oh, shit.
You brought cigarettes in here?
No, I take from her purse.
Well, this is it.
Our pants are basically around our ankles
until this transfer is done.
Anything?
Again, no. Nothing.
Well, did you sweep for--
Unauthorized kernel modules, yes.
I even purged the entire server hypervisor again.
I know we are vulnerable, right now,
but, Richard, we're covered, okay?
We severed the prod and dev net.
Look, you made us put our phones in a fucking faraday cage.
We even killed the wi-fi and reverted back
to this stone age hard line ethernet switch.
Look at all this shit. Are we in the '90s?
Richard, no one is cracking our transfer.
Not Seth, not some rogue nuclear state,
not Skewl of fucking Root.
No one.
And in two hours and 47 minutes...
when we've pulled all of Intersite's data
onto our servers, we're golden.
So just chill the fuck out.
Do another Weissman test to make yourself feel better.
I just did.
Still at 5.1?
Actually, 5.2.
Holy shit, dude. That's blazing.
Wait, so we're actually gonna win this thing.
I don't know. Ask me again in two hours and 46 minutes.
Hey, quit all the fucking and let me in.
- Hey, come on, why's the door locked? - Coming.
- Are you afraid you're gonna get raped? - Jared, don't...
What? You're locking the door now?
You don't answer my texts. What the fuck?
Russ, we're at a pretty critical juncture right now, so--
What's that?
That is pornography, thousands of hours of it.
Yeah, it is.
Russ, tomorrow, I would be happy to walk this through with you.
Okay. I'm out of here. Just answer me this, are we good?
Yes. The platform is running great.
But it's just really fragile
right now and we have a lot to focus on.
So, again, probably tomorrow would be--
Fine, fine. After we have tequila.
- What? - Shots, boys.
- I'm in. - No, no one's in.
What are-- we're not doing shots right now, Russ.
Richard, come on, quit being such a pussy,
and have some tequila with your money guy.
You're not our money guy.
I'm not your money guy. Since when?
Since you stopped giving us money, asshole.
Who's an asshole? I forced you to get lean.
No. You forced us to hack Endframe and break the law.
And now, like it or not, I'm a fucking black hat.
But that's okay. That's okay. That's cool.
We're gonna win this bake-off
and pay you enough money to go away forever.
So take your shitty tequila
and your shitty jeans with fucking metal chunks on them,
and get the fuck out of here.
Wow, that's... that's harsh.
First of all, this is not shitty tequila.
This is very good tequila.
400-year-old family-run distillery.
Super high-end shit.
But I guess what really
bums me out is I thought we got each other.
You know, you were my guys, you know?
That guy.
Bin Laden.
He fucks.
You know what's hard about
being a billionaire, Richard?
You never know if someone likes you for you or for your money.
And I guess, with you
it was all about the money, wasn't it, Richard?
Don't you worry, I'll leave, and I'll even leave you the tequila
because that's who I am. But before I go,
I want you to come outside and see something. It's a gift.
Come on outside, everybody. Just, I won't waste your time.
Just for a second.
No way.
A McLaren 650S Spider.
Yup, just like the one I had to sell
when I dropped below a "B."
Billion.
What do you think, Richard? You like it?
Wow. I...
I don't know what to say.
You got this for me?
What?
No, I-- it's for me. I bought this for myself...
To celebrate you guys helping me get back to a billion.
That's why I came here, to show it to you.
To say thank you.
I'm not an asshole.
You drove here with a bow on it?
No, I put it on after I parked.
I don't understand.
You got yourself a gift to prove that you're not an asshole?
Right.
Um, sorry.
Hello.
This is Eshwar Singh, the CTO of Intersite.
What the fuck are you doing? You're deleting all my data.
What the hell? What the hell?
- Fuck, I'm locked out of the system. - So am I.
We all are. It's just deleting everything.
You motherfuckers!
It's fucking Seth. Gilfoyle, you said you had this.
I thought I did. I don't-- this is fucking impossible!
You guys are killing me.
I'm losing hundreds of hours of content.
Yeah, well, we got hacked.
So, pull the plug. Shut it down on your end.
I can't. The disc is spinning at 100% and I don't have access.
Now it's basically a fucking fork bomb,
and you locked me out of my own system.
Okay, uh, Carla, shut it down.
None of the system shortcuts are responding.
Can't even sigkill the transfer.
It's like all of our keyboards are locked.
Okay, fucking-- Eshwar, I can't really problem solve this
and talk to you on the phone at the same time, so...
Don't you dare fucking hang up on--
How the fuck did Seth do this?
Well, you said he was harmless.
Obviously I was wrong. He must be inside as root.
It's like he's right here in this house melting us down.
Can you guys just shut the fuck up? I'm trying to sleep.
Why the fuck would you smoke
immediately after an anti-smoking pitch?
- Why would you do that? Why? - It's a special occasion.
Go to your room! Fuck!
Seth is single-handedly fucking the future of this company
and there's nothing we can do about it!
Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop!
It just stopped deleting.
Hey, guys.
I think it's this.
- What the fuck? - It's happening again.
No, no, no! Don't do that! Take it off! Take it off!
The Tres Comas bottle was on the delete key.
It was...
the corner of it.
It was just... it just got on there.
That's not great...
but, good now. Here you go.
I'm gonna...
I gotta go.
Did we delete over 9,000 hours of your premium content?
Yes, we did.
And that is bad, certainly.
But the way we did it...
see, our compression is so incredibly powerful
that we were able to delete all those files
at a rate that until now was unthinkable...
If we're considering just raw speed.
So, uh, just bear in mind,
you know, when making your final decision,
had Endframe, uh, accidentally
put a tequila bottle on their delete key,
I guarantee, they would have struggled
to delete half the amount of files that we did.
At best.
Or worst.
I could also...
I could... Uh... I...
Worst.
- Definitely. - Yeah.
But you know what?
Um, I...
I, uh, I'm actually glad that we came here today,
all of us, because this is good.
Because now more than ever, in these times...
meeting face-to-face...
Get out.
All of... all of us or just--
Now. All of you.
Okay.
Thank you for your time.
I would be remiss if I didn't mention that
your sites are some of my primary destinations.
Out.
Hey, could we get one more round, ease?
It's on a tab-- Bighetti.
- Sure. Coming up. - Cool. Thanks.
Well, well, look who's the big shot.
Yeah, big shot.
How are you guys?
everything good over at nucleus?
Nucleus is dog shit. How do you do it, man?
You used to be the most useless guy
in the entire nucleus team,
but now you run an entire division.
Did you ever ask yourself why?
No. No, I never have.
Do you have any skill at all
other than magically failing your way to the top?
I have a boat.
I guess that's not really a skill.
Fucking Big Head, man.
Fucking Big Head.
Take care.
Hey, you forgot your phone.
At least I think this is your--
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Right?
This is nucleus?
Yep.
That is a beta of their entire mobile platform,
And it sucks.
Yeah. I mean, the ux is, like, Soviet-era.
When it stores photos, they actually get larger.
They never cracked middle-out.
I actually kind of wish you didn't show me this,
because now I know we totally would have beaten them.
As it is now, I mean, we can't get funded.
all of our new coders quit.
I mean, can you even imagine what would happen
if, like, a tech blog got their hands on that piece of shit?
They'd tear it apart.
I mean, it could actually totally destroy nucleus' release.
I bet Gavin would do, shit, anything
to prevent that from happening, right?
Yeah, totally.
Jesus, Richard, am I actually ahead of you on this?
Take the phone, man.
It's yours. Take it.
Are-- are you serious?
Yeah, dude. Come on, I owe you.
I mean, I was about to quit hooli and move home.
And then Gavin promoted me just to spite you.
And now he keeps promoting me
for some inexplicable reason.
I mean, I haven't done anything, Richard--
I mean, less than nothing.
Well, yeah.
But look at me now.
We're sitting on my boat, Richard,
And that's because of you.
Soon we can sail it to fucking Hawaii
or Sausalito.
Three more classes, and I get my boat license.
Oh, really? How many classes does it take?
Three. It's three classes.
I heard you can pay somebody to take the test for you,
but I just haven't got around to it yet.
Enough with your coy bullshit, Richard, okay?
I know you have my goddamn phone.
What the fuck do I have to do to get it back?
Well, I was thinking
that in exchange for my help, you--
I'm sorry, hold on.
You can't use the term "in exchange."
It implies causality. That's basically extortion.
Any actions he takes must be un-coerced
and of his own volition.
Go.
Hello. It's me again.
I was thinking that if you found your phone,
you might be so happy
that you would be inclined to drop the lawsuit.
Why would I do that?
Because if you found your phone,
that would mean that no tech bloggers
or journalists did,
And they couldn't write a scathing review
based on what was on it, as it sucks.
Who knows? It might even cause Hooli stock to crash
or certain careers to be ruined.
Richard, are you threatening me?
Am I threatening you?
That's a good question.
Um, no.
If you don't give me my fucking phone back,
I'm gonna find you, bend you over your desk
and fuck you so hard, your front teeth--
Hold on.
You can't threaten him, especially not sexually.
This little shit could cause major damage here.
What am I allowed to say?
Richard, it's me again.
Yes.
Here's my concern.
If my phone ends up in the hands of a journalist,
Palo Alto Chief of Police Ed Gaskins,
who, apropos of nothing,
happens to be a close personal friend of mine,
would have to go and ask this person
where they got my phone.
Keep in mind, these aren't real journalists, Richard.
They're tech journalists.
Do you think they'd go to prison to protect their source?
I don't either.
And since this phone's os is a stolen prototype
worth $40 to $60 million,
You're looking at felony grand theft, Richard.
You can go to jail for 40 years.
Then again, you'd probably be fine
in a full-blown hard time penitentiary.
I mean, after they waxed your rectum
and knocked out all your front teeth
just to make things easier.
You know, Gavin, if you don't want my help,
then I guess we'll just see what happens.
All right, Richard.
So what do we do here?
I don't know.
What do we do here?
Paul, are you there?
Ron?
Hey, buddy. Sam and Melinda there, too?
They are. They say hi.
Hey, Ron.
What up, kids?
Let me hit you back in 10
and we'll sidebar this.
Binding arbitration? What's that?
Well, it's like a trial but massively accelerated.
Next week we're gonna go in front of a retired judge
and argue our whole lawsuit
in just two days, and then we're done.
So this will all be resolved next week?
I've always wanted to go to binding arbitration.
A weird thing to have always wanted to do.
Everybody who's ever sued me
has settled out of court. Pussies.
Now finally I'll be able to take the stand,
be a part of the big show.
No show. This is a serious
legal proceeding, okay?
And speaking to that,
Ron Laflamme has got us a new litigator
and we are meeting him in an hour.
Um, how are we gonna pay this person?
Our guy has agreed to wave his entire fee
until our case is resolved.
Oh, it's some wet behind
the ears noob straight out of law school.
No, he is said to be very experienced,
one of the best in the biz.
Then why the fuck would he take our case on spec?
Was I in possession of cocaine, amphetamines,
amyl nitrate, also known as poppers, at the time of my arrest?
In large quantities.
Did I have consensual intercourse
with two women under the age of 18?
Repeatedly. I admit this.
Did I violate the Mann Act and transport them
across state lines for sexual purposes?
Alleged but not proven.
And, boy, they tried. They tried.
Therefore, I was incarcerated and I was disbarred.
Wait, hold on. You were disbarred?
So you can't practice law?
Not in open court in the state of California.
That's correct. But this is arbitration.
I'm really grateful for the opportunity.
I'm turning my life around.
I've served my time.
Questions?
I guess I have one at least.
Um, what does amyl nitrate do?
Oh, it dilates the anus.
That is accurate.
Also produces euphoria.
Okay, thank you, Pete and Jared.
- Sure. - Anal dilation aside,
what do you think of our case?
You think we're gonna go in there and just dick-slap
those Hooli pieces of shit?
I have reviewed your case
and it is extremely strong.
Thank God.
I do, every day of my life.
It's only by his grace that I was able to survive
that plunge into the ravine
and 11 months in the state penitentiary.
I'm sorry, were you in an emotional ravine
or did you actually go into a ravine?
Both.
Now, with your approval,
I would like to move forward.
I currently am not in possession of an office
and I'm residing in a halfway house,
so I would like to give Hooli legal your home address.
Why?
They need to send over their discovery documents,
all of them.
All of them?
This is craziness.
Couldn't they have just emailed all this?
I mean, it's mostly just printed-out emails anyway.
Yeah, of course they could have.
And it would have been digitally searchable,
and that is the point.
It's a classic document dump.
But what they didn't take into account is
the power of us.
So grab a box, guys.
Start pulling anything you think is relevant.
And you may have to work pretty hard,
but it will free us from this lawsuit.
Are you saying, "Work will set you free"?
Yes. They have the manpower.
We have the perseverance. Triumph of the will.
He's the most cheerful person
I've ever heard quote Hitler.
So Hooli's entire intellectual property claim
boils down to three simple questions.
Did your work on Pied Piper at any time overlap
with your scope of work or Hooli business?
Uh, no.
Did you ever do work on pied piper on Hooli time?
Uh, no.
And at no time did you ever use Hooli equipment
to develop Pied Piper in any way?
No, never.
We're on our way then. You just tell that honestly to the court,
and we're home free.
Okay.
Unless, of course, you've offered
a conflicting version of that to anyone--
a friend, your parents,
a girlfriend.
No, no, and not possible.
I haven't had a girlfriend in, like, three years.
A boyfriend?
No. I'm not gay, just busy.
We're not litigating your sexuality.
That's good, yeah.
It's a good thing, too, because if we were,
we'd all end up in prison. Am I right?
No offense.
Here, I did a first pass. Let me know what you think.
Just a few questions for you to ask me while I'm on the stand.
It's rough clay. We can shape it as we go.
You realize I have no intention of ever putting you on the stand?
What? Why not?
Well, I just don't think you have anything to offer the case.
They're trying to say that Pied Piper was created at Hooli,
whereas I'm living proof
that it was created here in my incubator.
I nurtured Richard like a little baby.
I was his patron, like the Borgias with Da Vinci.
Actually, the Medici were Da Vinci's patrons.
The Borgias poisoned people.
- Say Medici again. - Medici.
- Shut the fuck up. - That's how you pronounce it.
Let's be clear, okay?
The burden of proof falls on Hooli here.
And they have none.
You have a Barrett 50-caliber rifle  at your disposal
that you can use to shoot Gavin Belson in the goddamn face.
And you're not gonna use it?
What kind of fucking attorney are you?
Well, technically, I can't refer to myself as an attorney
until I'm reinstated
and make restitution to my victims' families.
I'm a lawyer. And I'm a good one.
And if you know one end of a Barrett 50-cal from the other,
I'll eat a bowl of shit.
Did you get a taste for that on the inside, hmm?
Hey, guys, it's been almost two weeks
since the mother condor has been to the nest.
Do you think something may be wrong with the egg?
Something is. It's on our website.
No, really. I mean,
I think maybe I should call the museum, see if this is normal.
Jared, you want that egg to be alive, right?
- Of course. - Well, right now,
because you don't know whether it is or not,
it exists in both states,
like Schrodinger's cat.
Like what?
It's a quantum mechanics thought experiment
that an Austrian physicist came up with
to help understand quantum states.
So he imagined putting a cat
into a box with poisoned food.
There's a 50/50 chance the cat eats it.
That does sound rather Austrian.
So according to Schrodinger if you open the box,
and confirm that the cat is dead,
then in a sense, you've killed the cat.
Or if you call the museum and get the information
then you've killed the egg.
No, that's silly.
Is it?
Okay.
I'm just gonna think about it for a minute.
Richard.
Yeah?
- We have a problem. - What's up?
You and I are going into arbitration tomorrow.
I need you to look me right in the eye
and tell me why you've been lying to me.
I haven't been lying to you.
You told me you haven't had a girlfriend for three years.
I have found at least 15 emails to Nelson Bighetti
in the last year where you reference a girlfriend.
"Spent the day in bed with my girlfriend."
"A homeless guy in the coffee shop
almost stole my girlfriend."
It's a joke. Big head and I--
we call my laptop my girlfriend
because it's the only warm thing
that's touched my crotch in a little while.
So when you said, quote,
"My girlfriend shit the bed last night,"
- that was your laptop? - Laptop, yeah.
Well, that's good to hear.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Now listen to this.
April 10th, 11:14 p.m.
"Taking my girlfriend to the Apple Store."
April 12th, 3:42 p.m.
"Picking my girlfriend up at the mall."
Yeah, so?
So your laptop was in the shop for three days, right?
The 10th through the 12th, right?
Yeah, and?
April 11th, 2:48 p.m.
"Ran a test of the perceptual modeler during lunch,
made a few tweaks and,
wow, it's working on a whole new level."
Yeah, that just means that it's going great,
that it's working really well.
Richard, Richard,
You didn't have your laptop with you at Hooli.
What computer did you use
to run that test that day?
Oh, shit.
Richard, you didn't use a Hooli computer?
Tell me that you didn't use a Hooli fucking computer.
I-- I don't know. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Yes, I-- I think I did.
Fuck, I mean, I just used it once though, right?
I mean, that's not-- that's not a big deal.
It's a huge deal. We're done. That's it.
- What's it? - God damn it.
Well, under the law, Hooli can lay claim
to the underlying intellectual property that makes up Pied Piper.
So we're fucked now, is that it? We're totally fucked?
Well, I mean, it all depends on whether or not
the attorneys at Hooli figure out
that your girlfriend is your laptop.
Are you just telling us this entire case just
hinges on people believing that Richard had a girlfriend?
We are fucked.
All right, this is gonna be a long two days,
so let's try to keep things brief.
Your Honor, I think I can help speed things along.
We are willing to concede
to all the numerous counts brought by Mr. Belson,
except the ones regarding the ownership of intellectual property.
Is that right?
On the non-solicit violation,
my client is willing to concede
that Donald Dunn was improperly hired.
And on the unjust enrichment charge,
Richard will agree to repay Hooli
39 dollars and 99 cents
for the phone charger
that he took home, and so on.
Thank you, Mr. Monahan,
for accelerating the process.
Okay, let's start this. Plaintiff?
Okay, Richard, here it goes.
They call you first, we're toast.
I think I'm gonna puke.
Your honor, we'd like to call our first witness.
We would like to call
Nelson Bighetti, A.K.A. Big head.
Wait, are you sure? 'cause it says "No admittan--"
Okay.
Yeah, you were right. It's this one.
Is that me?
I'm sorry, Richard.
Firstly, sir, let me say it is a privilege
to be speaking to someone as accomplished as you.
Okay.
You were one of the earliest members of the Pied Piper team,
were you not?
And since your departure,
your rise has been meteoric.
Haven't you received three Hooli promotions in a month?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, I guess that is right.
It seems like everything you touch
is made dramatically better, Mr. Bighetti.
You make a meaningful and crucial contribution
to everything you do, do you not?
Wa-- wait.
I'm-- I'm sorry. Do I not?
Are you asking if I do do that
or if I don't do that?
This is amazing. They have nothing.
It's a desperate play.
They're trying to build him up,
make it seem like he was a crucial part of Pied Piper.
It's a Hail Mary. They have nothing.
Because if I don't not do that,
isn't that the same as--
Let's move on. Okay.
Is it not true that Wired--
I'll rephrase.
Did Wired magazine run a cover story on you?
Yes or no?
Oh, yes.
That did happen, yes.
I think I just made a mistake.
That was the museum.
I decided to call and check on the condor,
and they said that it's very unlikely
that the condor egg is still alive.
But my phone call itself
drew their attention to their low viewing numbers
and they've decided to take down the cameras today.
So by making the phone call,
you've most likely killed the condor egg.
Oh, come on, I mean,
that schrodinger stuff's all just theoretical.
It doesn't apply here.
Doesn't it? I mean, look at Rchard.
He didn't know that he had tested on a Hooli computer
until Monahan opened that box of emails, right?
So Richard was both innocent and guilty,
but as soon as Monahan opened that box,
it made Richard guilty.
But, I mean, by that logic,
nyone who goes to an open-casket funeral is a murderer.
You are one dark motherfucker, Jared.
So, Mr. Bighetti, you have stated
that you didn't have
anything to do with Pied Piper.
No.
I suppose you'd also say
that you had nothing to do with Hooli XYZ either.
No, not really.
And what about the Hooli AIDS and cancer societies
of which you were president?
Did you have anything to do with those?
Honestly, not really. I actually remember
when they told me I got the AIDS thing,
for just a second I thought they were telling me that I had AIDS.
But then I realized, no, I was just
the president of the AIDS thingy.
But for a second it was pretty scary there.
You see, Your Honor, Nelson Bighetti
is pathologically modest.
While he humbly denies credit, the record shows
that he had everything to do with all of these achievements.
It may be possible that Nelson actually believes
he didn't have that much
to do with the founding of Pied Piper either.
'Cause...
But it is painfully obvious
that he had a huge hand in it.
No further questions, Your Honor.
May I say, Mr. Bighetti, how refreshing it is
to finally encounter someone in the tech community
who is so free of pretension and ego?
Well, that was troubling.
Yeah, what was that?
It's just that he scored big points with the Judge in there.
So what's our plan? Do we go in there
and cross the shit out of him?
Tear him a new hole in his butt?
Let's just remind ourselves here
that he gave me the phone and made this whole thing possible.
So let's take it easy on him.
Yeah, I don't think shredding him is the right way to go either.
- Thank you. - It could backfire,
turn the judge against us.
I have something else in mind.
Mr. Bachmann, are you still prepared to testify?
Fuck yes, I am.
Mr. Bachmann.
Yes, sir?
You are the owner and sole proprietor
of the Palo Alto-based hacker hostel
in which Mr. Hendricks and Mr. Bighetti
both resided. Is that correct?
Yes, sir. That is, in fact, correct.
It has been called
the garden of tech Eden.
Is it also fair to say that every instinct you have
as a businessman
has been completely and totally wrong?
Sorry, what?
You hard of hearing, Mr. Bachmann?
No, I've heard everything...
Aren't you considered a joke in this town?
I don't quite know where you're going with this.
Nor do I. Can you tell us
where you're headed here, Mr. Monahan?
Your Honor, if you are to accept
Hooli's reverence for Mr. Bighetti
as proof that he's a genius,
then you must also accept
Mr. Bachmann's reverence for Mr. Bighetti
as proof that he's a moron.
I'm simply establishing
this type of logic, Your Honor, cuts both ways.
I see. I'll allow it.
Really? Because I don't--
Mr. Bachmann, you have incubated
a seemingly endless string
of patently unsuccessful apps, haven't you?
No. No, that is not correct.
I incubated Pied Piper. I saw the value in that.
Oh, did you? Isn't it true
that you were about to evict Mr. Hendricks
until he became the subject of a bidding war?
You disliked Pied Piper...
the one app in your hostel that showed promise.
Well, I think that's a bit harsh. I mean, ev--
In fact, you tried to encourage Mr. Hendricks
to change his app to be more like
Mr. Bighetti's horrendous app
called Nip Alert. Isn't that true?
Well, yes, I thought Nip Alert showed great promise.
It did not show great promise.
What it showed was the location
of nearby women possessing erect nipples.
And as such, Mr. Bighetti's grotesque creation
was passed over by every investor
in this town except you,
because it was perverted.
Well, I'll admit that-- I'll concede
that the cultural moment
may have passed, but at the time--
No, at the time, it was as misogynistic as it is now,
wasn't it, Mr. Bachmann?
It-- yes, it had some major problems--
Some major problems? Mr. Bachmann, a few moments ago
you said that it showed great promise.
You said that. I can have the court reporter
read it back to you, Mr. Bachmann.
I don't need her to read it back to me. I can remember--
Nip alert was poorly conceived
and riddled with bugs, wasn't it?
Well, all apps in the beginning--
Mr. Bachmann, answer the question.
You liked Nip Alert, and it was terrible.
- No, I-- I-- - Didn't you?
- Liking it-- - Mr. Bachmann,
you liked it, didn't you?
Okay, yes, yes! Fine! Yes, I liked it,
Even though it was a terrible app and it had no market potential.
I was high when he pitched it
and I like nipples--
Thank you, Mr. Bachmann.
It was a buggy, rapey piece of shit
designed by an idiot.
- Mr. Bachmann, thank you very much. - It was so bad
that the first time that
Richard tried to boot it up on his system,
it crashed his laptop. It was in the shop for three days.
'Cause it was a piece of shit!
That...
I mean, among other things
that weren't that
were reasons why it was bad.
No more questions, Your Honor.
What the fuck is going on here?
I don't know what happened. He got in my head.
It's a very uncharacteristic error.
They're calling you next, Richard.
They want you on the stand in 10 minutes.
Great. So they figured it out.
We're fucked, aren't we?
It looks that way.
Damn it, they're gonna ask me if I ran a test of Pied Piper
on a hooli computer, and I'm gonna have to say yes.
What if you said no?
What are you talking about?
Are you saying I should lie on the stand or something?
Gentlemen, the less I know about this, the better.
Well, then it appears we're in good hands,
because you don't seem to know shit.
You're a mean and terrible attorney.
I'm not an attorney.
Richard, all they know
is that you didn't have your laptop
when you ran that test,
so just tell them that you borrowed my laptop
or you came home for lunch and used my computer.
Whatever you say,
I'll get back on the stand and then back you up.
That would be committing perjury.
That would be lying under oath.
If you don't lie, Richard,
you lose.
We lose everything...
the company,
90% of what could potentially be a billion dollars--
I mean, you know, because I have 10%.
I know. God damn it, I know.
Richard, do the right thing here.
Lie on the stand.
Mr. Hendricks,
you are heterosexual, yes?
Uh, yes.
How long has it been since you were in a relationship
with a woman, Mr. Hendricks?
Two years? Three?
Uh, yeah, that sounds about right, I guess.
You're under oath.
Um, longer.
So you've definitely had no girlfriend
in the past three years?
This seems needlessly cruel. We all get it.
Mr. Hendricks,
when you refer to a girlfriend
in these emails to Mr. Bighetti,
to what are you referring?
My laptop computer.
The same laptop
that Mr. Bachman just told us
was in a shop for three days
from April 10th to the 12th of last year?
Yes. Can we get to the point, please?
Mr. Hendricks, did you at any time
use a Hooli computer to test and/or alter
your Pied Piper algorithm?
You're under oath.
I just--
I just wanted to be different.
I wanted Pied Piper to be different.
But if this company is built on lies,
then we're really not much different than Hooli.
The law says
that I lose everything--
my whole company, everything that I worked for--
because I used one Hooli computer
to test and modify one block.
Is that right?
I mean, is that-- is that fair?
To me, if the system says that's fair,
then I guess I'm probably not meant to be a part of it.
Mr. Hendricks, please answer the question.
Did you at any time use a Hooli computer...
Yes. Yeah, I did.
I made a mistake and I did.
I used a Hooli computer
to work on my algorithm one time.
And so here you go.
It's okay, Richard. You don't have to protect me anymore.
I'm his girlfriend.
Sit down, Mr. Bachman.
Judge, objection! I was the one
that was in the shop for those three days
'cause he had hit it so hard, I needed a doctor.
Sit down, Mr. Bachman.
Hey, has anyone heard from Richard?
Should I text him to see how the Arbitration' going?
Hey, you can.
But right now it's going both well and poorly.
And if you get definitive information back and it's bad,
I could argue that you have
effectively caused us to lose the arbitration.
Oh, he's taking it down.
All right, I am unclipped.
If you're watching, I'm sorry.
I'm gonna go ahead and leave this egg here.
This camera does need to come down.
That's good. He's leaving the egg.
The bolts are all rusted out here.
You should have never called that museum, Jared.
They're on there pretty good.
Holy shit.
Jared, you just killed that guy.
I just got a text from Richard.
I'm not going to read it.
Hello?
Can anyone hear me?
This is unbelievable.
There are seven thousand people watching this stream,
and it's working flawlessly.
Rebuffering events are below 0.5%.
Even when his sobbing shakes the camera
there's no blocking at all. And the quality is great.
Why?
More good news. There's a storm coming.
There's no way the EMS guys can get up there.
This could go on all day.
Appreciate your cooperation here, gentlemen.
We'll see you this afternoon.
Richard, I'm sorry about that.
No, it's fine.
The lead counsel of the company that's suing us
just marched their engineer through the house
to make sure the platform they want to seize is ready for them.
That felt great.
It's like they assume they've already won.
Is there any chance they haven't?
Goddammit, Richard.
In addition to stealing two of my four packs of Fage yogurt,
your ship-jumping coder cunts
happened to walk off with the rest of our toilet paper, so that...
Speaking of shit that can't be wiped away and flushed,
how are you, Mr. "Mohanahan"?
Morning, Mr. Bachman.
I don't suppose you have anything to say to me
by way of an apology?
For?
For the embarrassing ordeal
that you put me through yesterday in front of over nine people.
I think you should be the one apologizing, Mr. Bachman.
You lost your composure and ruined our entire case.
I'll see you gentlemen at 3:00.
I shan't be attending out of contempt,
so this will have to serve as our goodbye.
Don't let the door hit ya where God split ya.
- I'm sorry. - No.
Richard, I'll see you there?
Yeah.
Pete?
Do we have any chance of winning this?
When you hired me,
I told you I would never lie to you, Richard.
Yeah, that's true. You did.
I'll see you at 3:00.
Oh, hello, neighbor.
Neighbor.
Not for long. Louise helped me sell my house.
The ferret laws are much more enlightened in Arizona.
Arizona, huh?
You'll be dead in a month.
We'll miss you.
This your home?
Indeed it is.
Are you interested in selling? It's a great time.
Not interested. There are people in there who depend on me.
Human people. Not weasel animals.
It's a ferret.
- Weasels. - Ferrets!
Corner lot, good square footage.
I could probably get you a lot more than I got Noah.
How much did you get him?
Wait. You're selling the house just like that?
It wasn't a rash decision. I agonized over it.
But what about your incubator?
What about it, Jared?
Pied Piper has caked its pants,
Jian-Yang's chances of investment
have literally gone up in smoke,
and you heard what Monahan said in court yesterday.
Market forces and random events have conspired against me
to make the success of my incubator all but impossible.
Functionally, all I've really achieved
is running a flop house where guys have shat,
jerked off, and paid me no rent.
Why won't anyone come get me?
Well, we have accomplished one other thing.
We're up over 20,000 viewers.
Holy shit. Really?
BuzzFeed linked to us.
Now we're picking up on Reddit.
This guy falling off a cliff is the first good luck we've had.
And right as we're gaining attraction,
we have to hand it all over to Gavin fucking Belson.
This is fucked.
We can't give it to him...
if we don't have it to give.
What do you mean?
We do have it, and we have to give it.
100% of what he's trying to take from us
exists digitally on servers in this house.
If we nuke them, there's nothing for him to seize.
As far as he knows, it's an accident.
No one would believe that.
Two weeks ago, we accidentally erased
one-third of Intersite's entire library.
I think we've established our ineptitude
beyond a reasonable doubt.
Fuck it.
I say we delete everything.
No. No. No. No.
Guys, that's not what we do. We don't destroy things.
Not on purpose, anyway.
Right? Isn't that the whole reason
why you got into this in the first place,
to build cool shit?
I mean, look at that livestream. It's fucking perfect.
And even if Hooli ends up owning it,
we built it with no resources
and a fucking stream of endless obstacles.
I don't know, I mean, I kind of want to see how big it can get,
right up until the point where Gavin Belson
has to fucking take it from us.
Guys, who is Manny "Pa-qui-oh"?
Pacquiao? He's one of the most famous people on the planet Earth.
Oh! Manny Pacquiao, the Filipino legislator.
No, boxer.
Okay, well, he just tweeted a link to our livestream,
and he has almost two million followers.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck. We got to scale up
if we're going to handle that kind of traffic.
I'm gonna compress the Manifests.
I'll kill the highest bitrate to give us more headroom.
I've always wanted to be part of a suicide pact.
What? That's not what we're doing.
Hey, Gilfoyle, we're up to 50,000 views.
Whoa, it is, like, 500 degrees in here.
Yeah. Anton is really starting to sweat.
Yeah, I still can't believe you gave the servers a man's name.
Sorry, I couldn't remember your mother's name.
Hey, why don't I just open up the garage door?
Let some fresh air in here.
Yeah, sure, if you want the cooling system to shut down
and everything in here to turn to magma.
Actually, with all the new servers I have running,
we're about to max out the amperage
and blow the main breaker anyway.
Sooner or later,
Gilfoyle's servers are gonna fail, and then it's all done.
My servers can handle 10 times the traffic
if they weren't busy apologizing for your shit codebase.
Oh, yeah? Well, my codebase could handle this traffic,
fuck your mother, make a video of it,
upload it, and even that video would not even buffer.
Hey, Pete.
Hey, I just heard from the Judge.
He's gonna call us in an hour early.
Early? What does that mean?
Well, it's either a very good or a very bad sign.
Well, actually, it's almost always bad.
I take it back. It's a bad thing.
Why don't you head over,
I'll see you when you get there, okay?
Hey, guys, I gotta go.
It's time.
Try to keep it online as long as you can, okay?
- Why? - The picture quality is remarkable.
And this is all hosted at a data center
- they built themselves in their garage. - Please help me.
That's right.
- Very impressive. - Please someone help me!
It's already becoming a meme in the Philippines. Look.
Why won't anyone come help me?
Can anyone hear me?
Hello?
And Filipinos find this amusing?
- Can anyone hear me? - Apparently.
Please help me.
I've lost all feeling below the waist.
- Why? - They are a fascinating people.
How are the numbers?
Unless people start getting bored and tuning out,
we're gonna hit our capacity.
Fuck.
I'm so dehydrated.
I'm gonna have to urinate into my water bottle.
This guy's gonna drink his own piss?
That's too good. We're gonna fail by succeeding.
Jared, I need you to plug those servers in now.
Aye-aye, captain.
What a shit-circus. Good riddance.
You're never gonna sell.
- What? - Look what's happening here.
It's magical.
The only thing magical is how much this house has appreciated
in the last three years, Jared.
I'm selling.
That's just money. It has no real value.
It literally defines value.
Look at this check. All right?
You can't actually cash it, but think about what it represents.
It's priceless.
Jared, I saw your entire HR file.
It was in the Hooli disclosure.
You had a fat salary and stock options.
By now, you would be a senior VP.
But instead, you walked away to wrangle extension cords
for a company that will be defunct in maybe 30 hours.
If you're not kicking yourself
even just a little bit, you are objectively insane.
I can always find another job, but look at us... doing this.
It's intoxicating. Don't act like it's not magical.
It is.
What the fuck is that?
Jesus Christ!
What the fucking fuck?
Hey, guys.
On the day that I'm showing the place? Are you serious?
I had to shorten up the cable run, so--
This is the shortest distance to the garage. Had to do it.
It's magical.
So, start with the wide end.
Oh, Richard.
Here, let me help you with that.
May I?
- Relax. - Okay.
Just gonna tie your tie.
All right.
I feel terrible it's come to this, Richard.
But who knows?
Sometimes things like this are for the best.
I know this one is for me.
If you hadn't blackmailed me into this arbitration,
I was gonna have to go in front of the Hooli Board of Directors
and ask for $250 million to buy you out.
$250 million?
Believe it or not,
your algorithm is the only way to make Nucleus work.
I was ready to pay whatever it took.
Let me ask you this. If I offered you 10 million for Pied Piper
right now, before we even go in there, would you take it?
Really? You'd do that?
No, of course not.
I'm about to get it for free. I'm just fucking with you.
I'm sure you'll come up with plenty more
once-in-a-lifetime ideas, Richard.
Or not.
There you go.
Good luck in there, Richard.
Gilfoyle, what are you doing?
Jamming the breakers so they don't trip.
That's not a huge fucking fire hazard?
Yeah, of course it is.
This whole shit box could go up at any second.
No. No fires in here.
I already had that conversation with Jian-Yang, I think.
200,000 views. Fuck!
Gilfoyle, we need to build the caching mechanisms now!
It's the only way the clusters will scale.
Okay, sounds good. Do it.
I can't do it on my own, Gilfoyle!
Hey, Erlich, I need another coder here!
None of these guys can help me.
Sorry, amigo. I don't code anymore.
Remember? Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.
Well, then we're fucked. This thing is gonna crash any second.
Mr. Bachman,
- I am sorry to drop in on you like this... - Erlich, Seriously!
but I have got the buyers here.
Shit. He's gonna drink his own piss.
Gilfoyle, I need some fucking help!
Sorry, Louise, this isn't a great time.
- I'm entertaining... - I told you already, I'm busy!
and I have some minor cosmetic repairs
to do before I show the house.
Oh, no, they don't even need to look inside.
They only want the property for the lot value.
Seriously, I can't do this by myself!
Lot value? Meaning?
You have to realize your house is a total teardown, right?
They want to tear this place down?
Gilfoyle, the caching mechanisms!
We're gonna crash!
I told you, get Erlich to do it!
Richard said keep it online!
- I can't do this by myself! - Uh, Mr. Bachman...
they want to make an offer right now. All cash.
Mr. Bachman, I think you would be foolish to turn this down.
Did you just call me a fool?
- No. All I meant was... - Madam,
you do not call a man a fool on the transom of his own home.
A home that happens to be the world headquarters of a company
keeping streaming video
of a man who's about to drink his own urine online
for tens of thousands of Filipinos.
Does that sound like foolishness to you?
So, you can tell your clients, respectfully,
that they may go fuck themselves.
All right, I'm gonna start compiling varnish
to cache the manifest.
Dinesh, you reduce the seeds
in the P2P Swarm, got it?
Let's fucking do this.
I knew you wouldn't sell.
Jared, respectfully, shut the fuck up. I'm working.
I don't wanna drink my pee.
What's that smell?
Which I weighed in making my final decision.
A decision I do not take lightly.
Now, in concerning...
Mr. Hendricks, are you on your phone?
No.
It says, "Aim at the base of the fire."
That's the servers.
If you hit those servers,
you kill our livestream, Jared.
Right, I don't know what to do.
Should we do verbal SWOT analysis?
- 299,000! - Our check is burning.
He's drinking his own urine. He's drinking his piss.
We're up over 300,000 viewers!
Hello? I'm down here!
- Hello? - Wait, who the fuck is that guy?
Wait, wait. They're rescuing him.
Why did it take you so long?
Wait. He shut it off.
290, 270... Everyone's leaving.
It's over.
Holy shit.
We did it. We fucking did it.
We stayed online till the end. Look at that.
Fuck, yeah.
I wonder if Richard got to see that.
Which is why I had no recourse but to rule that,
since Mr. Hendricks, by his own admission,
used Hooli equipment to facilitate the development of Pied Piper,
then pursuant to California Labor Code,
Hooli has a right to ownership of Pied Piper's underlying IP.
Congrats.
Congratulations.
- Very well done. - Congratulations.
Richard, I'm sorry.
I really am.
We're now at 78 viewers,
which still seems high. Like, who's watching a blank screen?
We never went down, gents.
Anton really carried us.
One, still a weird name,
and two, this was a win for our software stack.
Your software can choke on my fat fucking balls.
Guys...
Richard just texted me.
He says delete it.
- What? - He says,
"We just lost. It's my company. Delete it all. Now."
Motherfucker.
Now, Pied Piper, you conceded on all of these minor counts.
Accordingly, on the count of wrongful solicitation,
I find Richard Hendricks did indeed
breach his contract with Hooli
when he hired away a Hooli employee, one Donald Dunn,
AKA Jared, AKA O.J., apparently.
But this is where things get interesting.
Mr. Belson, there is language in this contract
that the California Supreme Court has deemed unlawful.
Preventing Mr. Dunn from seeking employment elsewhere
is a violation of his rights.
Are you aware of this?
I was not, but I'm willing to drop that count altogether
if it makes things easier.
Well, here's the thing.
This clause was unlawful when you included it
in Mr. Hendricks' employment agreement.
Right. As I said, I'm willing to just move past this.
See, again, I don't think you understand.
If Mr. Hendricks hadn't hired Mr. Dunn,
or you hadn't pursued him for that hire,
I'm not sure I would've noticed the violation.
But you did, so I did.
What's happening?
Justice, baby.
And what I find is,
this is an unenforceable contract.
It is null and void.
So, effectively, Mr. Hendricks never had
a valid employment agreement with Hooli.
As a result, Hooli has no claim to ownership
of Pied Piper's underlying IP.
That is my ruling
and per your arbitration agreement,
it is binding and final.
Thank you, everyone.
What the fuck just happened? We lost?
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
We won.
We won, right? I mean, Pied Piper is ours?
Richard, not long ago, emergency workers
pulled me out of the
flaming wreckage of my Mercury Grand Marquis.
All right.
Today, you pulled me out of the flaming wreckage of my life,
and those flames burn far hotter.
For that, I thank you.
Yeah, you're welcome.
I used to take a tampon, soak it in grain alcohol,
and stick it up into my rectum. That got me high, Richard,
but not half as high as the drug you just gave me.
You know what that drug's called?
No.
A second chance.
Right on.
Well, thank you. You did great.
Great job.
Wow! I mean, I totally thought we were gonna lose that.
I actually told the guys to...
Oh my God.
All right, I just wrote a mod of DBAN.
As soon as we run it, it will delete the entire code repository.
Pied Piper will literally vanish.
Wait, what? What?
No. No, no, no. Fuck!
Are we sure we have to do this?
You read the text, Jared.
If anything had changed, Richard would have called by now. Right?
So all you have to do is press that button,
and the entire platform's obliterated.
And no one will ever be able to recover it.
Yep, one click and poof.
"The power to destroy a thing
is the absolute control over it."
Frank Herbert, "Dune."
All right then. Here we go.
Three, two, one...
Wait, wait.
Shouldn't we drink one last toast to Pied Piper
before we burn it to the fucking ground?
All right. As long as God isn't involved and there's beer.
Okay. Okay.
But if we're claiming this happened before the ruling,
we should do it quickly.
Damn. Hey, I need to use your phone.
Sorry, I can only allow that for customers.
I'm just gonna use it.
Shit.
I don't know any of their numbers. They're all on my phone.
Goddammit. Fuck.
I need to use your phone to email my friend
so he doesn't delete Pied Piper.
Please.
Bus? Okay.
To Pied Piper.
Wait, is this a wheat beer?
I can't drink this without a lemon.
Noah's got a lemon tree. Fuck him over one last time?
Okay, but then we're-- then we're gonna do it.
Yeah.
Thank you so much for letting me use your phone.
Just one e-mail and I'm done, I swear.
As long as you don't shit, piss, or puke on my bus,
it's all good.
Okay.
I hope it's not weird that the email's coming from your account.
I did not know lemon trees had thorns.
Wait.
This one has like a bruise on it.
No response. Nothing.
Fuck.
Hey, thanks.
Don't get that shitty one. Get that nice one up there.
Yeah, I think the ferrets have nibbled some of the lower ones.
Okay, there's no way I could have squirted this lemon
in your eye on purpose from this distance.
I'm not a fucking lemon sniper.
You'd be more of a lemon suicide bomber.
- Guys. Guys! - It's Richard.
Why is he knocking? He has my keys.
We need to delete it before he comes in.
Let me in!
Richard. Richard.
Don't delete it.
Don't delete it.
Did you delete it?
Oops.
Oops?
What does that mean? Oops?
You said "Delete."
Fuck.
Oh, wait.
- Hold on. - What?
Gilfoyle, what's happening? What?
That's weird. Kernel panic. The whole system just crashed.
So, what does that mean?
Did you delete Pied Piper or not?
Nope.
We definitely did not.
All thanks to Dinesh's garbage code.
The software you wrote to delete our software just shit the bed.
No surprise.
No, my software's fine.
It's 'cause it's running on your shit hardware.
My hardware handled everything else just fine...
- It caught fucking fire! - ...until your shit software
spread like a virus and killed it.
- Restart it. - Oh, I will restart it.
No, don't restart it. Don't restart it.
We won.
We won?
- We won? - Yeah, we beat Gavin Belson,
and we won.
Holy shit.
We won.
What the fuck happened here?
Magic.
Gilfoyle's shit hardware caught fire.
No, 'cause your shit software was slowing it down.
And then Erlich coded and it gave me chills.
Gilfoyle made a hole in the wall. Look!
- I did. - It was frightening.
You hear he just lost the Pied Piper suit?
That's nothing. They're
saying half of all Hooli employment agreements
may be legally invalid.
You don't think the board will get rid of him, do you?
Maybe.
- Two, please. - Sure, coming right up.
I'm hearing a lot of chatter
about that Nelson Bighetti guy over at XYZ.
I mean, three promotions in a year?
President of Hooli Cancer and AIDS societies?
That doesn't just happen.
He must be smart as hell.
Gavin, come in.
Motherfuck.
Wait, what?
I am rarely wrong about these things.
You have an aura about you.
An aura that if carefully managed by someone
with the necessary spiritual expertise,
could be harnessed to great effect.
Okay.
Monica.
Russ, what are you doing here?
Question. What's got two thumbs and three commas?
This guy.
- What? - Yeah.
Like, 10 minutes after boy genius won his lawsuit,
your boss lady gave me a call. We just did a deal.
She put me back over a "B."
It means a billion.
Yeah, got it.
I got a lot of cars, you know,
if you want to go for a drive some time.
Got my own.
Does it go like this?
Does it go like this?
Think about it.
Laurie, I just ran into Russ Hanneman leaving.
He said you made him some kind of a deal.
Yes.
He was substantially difficult. Truly repugnant.
And when we finalized our agreement,
he described his erection to me.
But in the end,
I managed to buy 100% of his interest in Pied Piper.
Let us never speak of him again.
Well, that is fine by me,
and I'm so glad you got him away from Pied Piper.
I mean, now that their suit has been resolved,
I think that they're about to become something really special.
Their core technology, it's visionary.
- Absolutely. - Also,
the entirety of their recent stumbles
with Homicide, with Intersite,
with the very decision to pursue video
instead of more pioneering applications.
This was all rooted in human error,
which is why I found it prudent to secure Hanneman's shares,
his voting rights, and most critically, his board seats.
Right. Russ has two board seats.
He did.
Now, Hendricks votes one,
Bachman votes one,
and we, at Raviga,
we vote three.
That is a majority.
We can now take the necessary steps
to ensure that Pied Piper is properly managed.
What-- what're you saying?
I don't understand.
Monica, I believe you do.
Always blue! Always blue!
Always blue! Always blue! Always blue!
That was a long one.
It's not the first time I've heard that.
Monica, what's up? When are you getting here?
The party has already started, and it's getting pretty crazy.
You have to smoke weed.
- What's wrong? - This is the best day of my life.
- Um, okay. - And yet, no girls.
- There's nothing to it, it's just luck. - Okay, well, then do it.
Beat my 43.
- Beat my 43. - I'd like to smoke weed.
That's the difference between you and me, you smoke weed all day,
I learn a valuable skill.
Richard, are you okay?
Yeah, who died?
What just happened?
Well, apparently, Raviga held an emergency meeting
of Pied Piper's Board of Directors...
Oh, no.
And they voted to remove me
as CEO of my own company.
I just got fired.
And what about me?
