My name is Mary Alice Young.
When you read this morning's paper, you may come across an article
about the unusual day I had last week.
Normally, there's never anything newsworthy about my life,
but that all changed last thursday.
Of course, everything seemed quite normal at first.
I made breakfast for my family.
I performed my chores.
I completed my projects.
I ran my errands.
In truth, I spent the day as I spent every other day --
quietly polishing the routine of my life until it gleamed with perfection.
That's why it was so astonishing when I decided to go to my hallway closet
and retrieve a revolver that had never been used.
My body was discovered by my neighbor mrs. Martha Huber,
who had been startled by a strange popping sound.
Her curiosity aroused,
mrs. Huber tried to think of a reason for dropping in on me unannounced.
After some initial hesitation,
she decided to return the blender she had borrowed from me six months before.
It's my neighbor. I think she's been shot.
There's blood everywhere.
Yes. You've got to send an ambulance. You've got to send one right now.
And for a moment,
mrs. Huber stood motionless in her kitchen,
grief-stricken by this senseless tragedy...
But only for a moment.
If there was one thing mrs. Huber was known for,
it was her ability to look on the bright side.
I was laid to rest on a monday.
After the funeral, all the residents of wisteria lane came to pay their respects.
And, as people do in these situations, they brought food.
Lynette Scavo brought fried chicken.
Lynette had a great family recipe for fried chicken.
Of course, she didn't cook much while she was moving up the corporate ladder.
She didn't have the time.
But when her doctor announced Lynette was pregnant,
her husband Tom had an idea.
"Why not quit your job?
"Kids do better with stay-at-home moms. It would be so much less stressful."
But this was not the case.
In fact, Lynette's life had become so hectic,
she was now forced to get her fried chicken from a fast-food restaurant.
Lynette would have appreciated the irony if she stopped to think about it,
but she couldn't. She didn't have the time.
Stop it !
But, mom!
No,
you are going to behave today.
I am not going to be humiliated in front of the entire neighborhood.
And just so you know how serious I am...
what's that?
Santa's cell phone number.
How'd you get that?
I know someone who knows someone who knows an elf,
and if any of you acts up, so help me, I will call Santa,
and I will tell him you want socks for Christmas.
You willing to risk that?
Okay. Let's get this over with.
Gabrielle Solis, who lives down the block,
brought a spicy paella.
Since her modeling days in New York,
Gabrielle had developed a taste for rich food...
and rich men.
Carlos, who worked in mergersnd acquisitions,
proposed on their third date.
Gabrielle was touched when tears welled up in his eyes,
but she soon discovered this happened
every time Carlos closed the big deal.
Gabrielle liked her paella piping hot.
However, her relationship with her husband was considerably cooler.
If you talk to Al Mason at this thing,
I want you to casually mention how much I paid for your necklace.
He let me know how much he paid for his wife's new convertible.
Why don't I just pin the receipt to my chest?
Look, just work it into the conversation.
There's no way I can just work that in, Carlos.
Why not?
At the Donoghue party, everyone was talking mutual funds,
and you found a way to mention you slept with half the Yankee outfield.
I'm telling you, it came up in the context of the conversation.
Hey, people are starting to stare. Can you keep your voice down, please?
Absolutely. We wouldn't want them to think we're not happy.
Bree van de Kamp, who lives next door,
brought baskets of muffins she baked from scratch.
Bree was known for her cooking,
and for making her own clothes,
and for doing her own gardening,
and for reupholstering her own furniture.
Yes, Bree's many talents were known throughout the neighborhood,
and everyone on Wisteria lane thought of Bree as the perfect wife and mother.
Everyone, that is, except her own family.
Paul. Zachary.
Hello, mrs. Van De Kamp.
Bree, you shouldn't have gone to all this trouble.
It was no trouble at all.
Now, the basket with the red ribbon is filled with desserts for your guests,
but the one with the blue ribbon is just for you and Zachary.
It's got rolls, muffins, breakfast-type things.
Thank you.
Well, the least I could do is
make sure you boys had a decent meal to look forward to in the morning.
I know you're out of your minds with grief.
Yes, we are.
Of course, I will need the baskets back once you're done.
Of course.
Susan Mayer, who lives across the street,
brought macaroni and cheese.
Her husband Carl always teased her about her macaroni,
saying it was the only thing she knew how to cook,
and she rarely made it well.
It was too salty the night she and Carl moved into their house.
It was too watery the night she found lipstick on Carl's shirt.
She burned it the night carl told her he was leaving her for his secretary.
A year had passed since the divorce.
Susan had started to think how nice it would be to have a man in her life,
even one who would make fun of her cooking.
Mom... why would someone kill themselves?
Well... sometimes people are so unhappy,
they think that's the only way they can solve their problems.
But mrs. Young always seemed happy.
Yeah, sometimes people pretend to be one way on the outside when they're totally different on the inside.
Oh, you mean like how dad's girlfriend always smiling and says nice things,
but deep down, you just know she's a bitch?
I don't like that word, Julie.
But, yeah, that's a great example.
Hey, what's going on? Sorry I'm late.
Hi, susan.
Hey. So, what did Carl say when you confronted him?
You'll love this. He said...
"it doesn't mean anything. It was just sex."
Ah, yes, page one of the philanderer's handbook.
Yeah, and then he got this zen look on his face, and he said, "you know, Susan,
most men live lives of quiet desperation."
Please tell me you punched him.
No, I said, "really? And what do most women lead
lives of noisy fulfillment?"
Hmm. Good for you.
I mean, of all people, did he have to bang his secretary? I had that woman over for brunch.
It's like my grandmother always said - an erect penis doesn't have a conscience.
Even the limp ones aren't that ethical.
This is half the reason I joined the NRA.
Well, when Rex started going to those medical conferences,
I wanted it in the back of his mind that he had a loving wife at home
with a loaded Smith & Wesson.
Lynnie, Tom's always away on business. Do you ever worry he might?
Oh, please, the man's gotten me pregnant three times in four years.
I wish he was having sex with someone else.
So, Susan, is he going to stop seeing that woman?
I don't know.
I'm sorry, you guys. I just...
I just don't know how I'm going to survive this.
Listen to me.
We all have moments of desperation.
But if we can face them head-on, that's when we find out just how strong we really are.
Susan. I was just saying Paul wants us to go over on friday.
He needs us to go through Mary Alice's closetand help pack up her things.
He said he can't face doing it by himself.
Sure. That's fine.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm just so angry.
If Mary Alice was having problems,she should have come to us.
She should have let us help her.
What kind of problems could she have had?
She was healthy, had a great home, a nice family.
Her life was...
Our life.
No, if Mary Alice was having some sort of crisis, we'd have known.
She lives 50 feet away, for god's sakes.
Gabby, the woman killed herself.
Something must have been going on.
I wouldn't eat that if I were you.
Why?
I made it. Trust me.
Hey, hey, do you - do you have a death wish?
No, I just refuse to believe that anybody cans crew up macaroni and cheese.
Oh, my god.
How did you - it tastes like it's burned and undercooked.
Yeah, I get that a lot. Here you go.
Ha ha. Thanks.
I'm Mike Delfino. I just started renting the simms house next door.
Susan Mayer. I live across the street.
Oh, yeah, mrs. Huber told me about you.
Said you illustrate children's books.
Yeah, I'm very big with the under-5 set.
What do you do?
Plumber.
So if you ever have a clog...
or something.
Now that everybody's seen that I brought something,
I should probably just throw this out.
Ease up, you little vampire.
Lynette, I've been looking all over for you.
Are you aware of what your sons are doing?
What are you doing? We are at a wake.
When we got here, you said we could go in the pool.
I said you could go by the pool.
Do you have your swimsuits on?
Yeah, we put them under our clothes before we left.
You three planned this? All right. That's it. Get out!
No!
No?
I am your mother. You have to do what I say. Come on.
We want to swim, and you can't stop us!
Get out, or I will get in this pool and just grab you. Get out!
Get over here.
Get - get over here!
All right, give me your arm. Get back --
Move it! That's right! Get over here!
Paul, we have to leave now.
Once again, I am so sorry for your loss.
Go.
Lynette shouldn't have been so concerned about my husband.
He had other things on his mind --
things below the surface.
The morning after my funeral,
my friends and neighbors quietly went back to their busy, busy lives.
While some did their cooking...
and some did their cleaning...
and some did their yoga...
others did their homework.
Hi.
I'm Julie. I kicked my soccer ball into your backyard.
Oh, okay. Well, let's go around and get it.
Stay.
His wife died a year ago.
He wanted to stay in L.A., but there were too many memories.
He's renting for tax purposes, but he hopes to buy a place real soon.
I can't believe you went over there.
Hey, I saw you both flirting at the wake.
You're obviously into each other.
Now that you know he's single, you can ask him out.
Julie, I like mr. Delfino, I do.
I just, uh, I don't even know if I'm ready to start dating yet.
Oh, you need to get back out there.
Come on. How long has it been since you've had sex?
Are you mad that I asked you that?
No, I'm just trying to remember.
I don't want to talk to you about my love life anymore. It weirds me out.
I wouldn't have said anything. It's just...
What?
I heard dad's girlfriend ask if you'd dated anyone since the divorce,
and dad said he doubted it.
And then they both laughed.
Susan.
Hi, Mike.
I brought you a little housewarming gift.
I probably should have brought something by earlier, but...
actually, you're the first in the neighborhood to stop by.
Really?
Susan knews he was lucky.
An eligible bachelor had moved onto wisteria lane,
and she was the first to find out,
but she also knew that good news...
Travels quickly.
Edie Britt was the most predatory divorc閑 in a 5-block radius.
Her conquests were numerous...
varied...
and legendary.
Hi, Susan. I hope I'm not interrupting.
You must be Mike Delfino. Hi, I'm Edie. Britt.
I live over there.
Welcome to Wisteria lane.
Susan had met the enemy, and she was a slut.
Thank you. Ha ha. What's this?
Sausage putanesca. It's just something I threw together.
Well, thanks, Edie. Ha ha. That's great.
I'd invite you both in, but I was sort of in the middle of something.
And just like that, the race for Mike Delfino had begun.
For a moment, Susan wondered if her rivalry with Edie would remain friendly.
Oh, Mike. I heard you're a plumber?
But she was reminded that when it came to men...
do you think you could stop by later tonight and take a look at my pipes?
Women don't fight fair.
Sure.
Thanks.
Bye, Susan.
You can't order me around like I'm a child.
Gabrielle.
No. No, no, no. I'm not going.
It's business. Tanaka expects everyone to bring their wives.
Every time I'm around that man, he tries to grab my ass.
Ha ha. I made over $200,000 doing business with him last year.
If he wants to grab your ass, you let him.
Mr. Solis. You scared me.
Why is that bush still there? You were supposed to dig it up last week.
I didn't have time last week.
I don't want to hear your excuses. Just take care of it.
I really hate the way you talk to me.
And I really hate that I spend $15,000
on your diamond necklace that you couldn't live without,
but I'm learning to deal with it.
So can I tell Tanaka we'll be there tomorrow night?
John. We have bandage stop shelf in the kitchen.
Thanks, mrs. Solis.
Fine. I'll go.
But I'm keeping my back pressed against the wall the entire time.
See? Now this is what a marriage is all about - compromise.
Is your finger okay?
Yeah, yeah, it's just a small cut.
Let me see.
Hmm. You know, mrs. Solis,
Um, I really like it when we hook up,
but, um, well, you know, I-I got to get my work done,
and I can't afford to lose this job.
This table is hand-carved.
Carlos had it imported from Italy.
It cost him $23,000.
You want to do it on the table this time?
Absolutely.
Why can't we ever have normal soup?
Danielle, there is nothing abnormal about basil puree.
Just once, couldn't we have a soup that people have heard of?
Like french onion or navy bean.
First of all, your father can't eat onions. He's deathly allergic.
And I won't even dignify your navy bean suggestion.
So... how's the osso buco?
It's okay.
It's okay?
Andrew, I spent three hours cooking this meal.
How do you think it makes me feel when you say "it's okay" in that sullen tone?
Who asked you to spend three hours on dinner?
Excuse me?
Tim Harper's mom gets home from work,
pops open a can of pork and beans,
and boom, they're eating. Everyone's happy.
You'd rather I serve pork and beans?
Apologize now. I am begging.
I'm saying, do you always have to serve cuisine?
Can't we ever just have food?
Are you doing drugs?
What?
Change in behavior is one of the warning signs,
and you have been as fresh as paint for the last six months.
That certainly would explain why you're always locked in the bathroom.
Trust me, that is not what he is doing.
Shut up.
Mom, I'm not the one with the problem here, all right?
You're the one always acting like she's running for mayor of Stepford.
Rex.
Seeing that you're the head of this household, I would really appreciate you saying something.
Pass the salt?
Three days after my funeral,
Lynette replaced her grief with a much more useful emotion --
indignation.
Tom, this is my fifth message, and you still haven't called me back.
Well, you must be having a lot of fun on your business trip. I can only imagine.
Well, guess what - the kids and I want to have some fun, too,
so unless you call me back by noon,
we are getting on a plane and joining you.
Mom!
Not now, honey. Mommy's threatening daddy.
Mom. No, I - where are your brothers?
Noodles.
My favorite.
Lynette Scavo?
Crap.
Natalie Klein. I don't believe it.
Lynette. How long has it been?
Years.
Uh, how are you? How's the firm?
Good. Everyone misses you.
Yeah. We all say if you hadn't quit,
you'd be running the place by now.
Yeah, well...
So... how's domestic life?
Don't you just love being a mom?
And there it was - the question that Lynette always dreaded.
Well, to be honest...
for those who asked it, only one answer was acceptable,
so Lynette responded as she always did.
She lied.
It's the best job I've ever had.
You know what I don't get?
What?
Why you married mr. Solis.
Well... he promised to give me everything I've ever wanted.
And did he?
Yes.
Then why aren't you happy?
Turns out I wanted all the wrong things.
So do you love him?
I do.
Well, then, why are we here? Why are we doing this?
Because I don't want to wake up one morning
with a sudden urge to blow my brains out.
Hey, can I have a drag?
Absolutely not.
You are much too young to smoke.
Ah. How would you feel about me using your child-support payments
for plastic surgery?
Stop being so nervous. You're just asking him out to dinner. It's no big deal.
You're right.
So is that your project for school?
You know, when I was in fifth grade, I made the white house out of sugar cubes.
Stop stalling and go
before mike figures out he can do better.
Tell me again why I fought for custody of you.
You were using me to hurt dad.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, god.
Hi.
Hey, Susan.
Are you busy?
No, not at all. What's up?
Well, I - I just, uh, was wondering if, um...
if there was any chance that you, uh...
I-I just wanted to ask if...
Edie.
Hey there, Susan.
What are you --
I was making ambrosia, and I made too much,
so I thought I'd bring some over to mike.
What's going on?
Uh, Susan was just going to ask me something.
I have a clog.
Excuse me?
And you're a plumber, right?
Yeah.
The clog's in the pipe.
Yeah, that's usually where they are.
Well, I've got one.
Oh, okay. Well, uh let me get my tools.
Now? You want to come over now?
You have company.
I don't mind.
Yeah, just give me two minutes.
I'll be right over. That's it. Just stuff the hair down there.
I stuffed it. It's not enough to clog it.
Here. Okay, look. Put in this peanut butter
and this cooking oil.
Mom
And these olives.
Mom, I'm telling you, it's not working.
Oh, god. That's him.
How am I going to stop up the sink?
Well, here's your problem.
Looks like somebody stuffed a bunch of popsicle sticks down here.
I've told julie a million times not to play in the kitchen.
Kids, you know?
All right, I'll go put in your orders,
and I'll be right back with your drinks and your plates for the salad bar.
Thank you.
Andrew, Danielle, napkins?
They have video games.
Could we go play until our food gets here?
Andrew, this is family time.
I think that we should all
Go ahead and play.
I know that you think I'm angry about coming here, but I'm not.
You and the kids wanted a change of pace,
something fun. I get it.
Probably we'll want something healthier tomorrow night, though.
I'm thinking about chicken Saltimbocca.
I want a divorce.
I just can't live in this --
this detergent commercial anymore.
The salad bar's right over there. Help yourself.
Thank you.
Um, I think I'll go get your salad for you.
Bree Van De Kamp.
Oh. Hello, mrs. Huber.
We didn't get a chance to talk at Mary Alice's wake.
How are you doing?
Bree longed to share the truth about her husband's painful betrayal,
but sadly for Bree,
admitting defeat was not an option.
Great. Everything is just great.
Okay, well, I got you the honey mustard dressing. The ranch looked just a little bit suspect.
Are we going to talk about what I said?
If you think I'm going to discuss the dissolution of my marriage in a place
where the restrooms are labeled "chicks" and "dudes,"
you're out of your mind.
What's in this?
What do you mean, what's in this? It's salad.
With - with onions?
What?
You put onions in my salad.
No, I didn't.
Oh, wait.
The sound that awakened my son
was something he'd heard only once before,
many years ago when he was quite young,
but he recognized it instantly.
It was the sound of a family secret.
Seven days after my funeral,
life on Wisteria lane finally returned to normal,
which, for some of my friends...
was unfortunate.
Now what?
Daddy's home!
Hey, is anybody home?
I wasn't expecting you for a week.
I have to go back to frisco in the morning,
but I got your call. You sounded a little frazzled.
Yeah. It's been a little rough.
Daddy, did you bring us any presents?
Oh, god, presents. Wait a minute let me see.
But I'm not going to give it to you unless you promise me to go outside right now
and practice throwing it for 20 minutes, okay? You promise?
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Get out of here. Go.
Who's open? Go out!
Deeper! Deeper!
Touchdown!
Oh, my god. Oh.
Oh, you got to be kidding. I'm exhausted.
I look terrible. I'm covered in peaches.
That's all right, baby. I got to have you.
Well, is it okay if I just lie here?
Absolutely.
I love you.
And I love you more.
Oh, wait, I got to tell you, I was having trouble with swelling,
so the doctor took me off the pill, so you're just going to have to put on a condom.
Condom? What's the big deal? Let's risk it.
Let's risk it?
Yeah.
I can't believe you tried to kill me.
Yes, well, I feel badly about that.
I told you, mrs. Huber came over, and I got distracted.
It was a mistake.
Since when do you make mistakes?
What's that supposed to mean?
It means I'm sick of you being so damn perfect all the time.
I-I'm sick of the bizarre way your hair doesn't move.
I'm sick of you making our bed in the morning before I've even used the bathroom.
You're this plastic suburban housewife
with her pearls and her spatula
who says things like "we owe the hendersons a dinner."
Where's the woman I fell in love with...
who used to burn the toast and drink milk out of the carton...
and laugh?
I need her.
Not this cold, perfect thing you've become.
These need water.
Bree sobbed quietly in the restroom for five minutes,
but he husband never knew,
because when Bree finally emerged...
she was perfect.
I found my earrings. We can go now.
Was John here today?
Well, yeah.
The lawn hasn't been mowed. I've had it.
We're getting a real gardener.
Why?
Are you deaf?
I just said he's not doing his job.
It dark. You just can't see that the lawn has been mowed.
It hasn't been. Feel this grass.
I'm not feeling the grass.
Let's just get going. Come on. We're late.
Take care of it.
Yes, sir.
There's Tanaka.
Time for me to go into my dance.
Good luck, sweetheart.
Oh, excuse me. Ma'am? You see that man who just walked away?
Can you make sure he has a drink in his hand all night long?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, mrs. Huber,how you doing?
Not too well, I'm afraid.
I'm trying to find something to soothe my stomach.
Oh, it's upset?
Yeah. I had the worst macaroni and cheese at the wake.
It's been running through me ever since.
And I need to be at my best.
Edie Bri's son is spending the night tonight.
He's spending the night?
Apparently, Edie is having a gentleman friend over for dinner,
and I think she plans on entertaining into the wee hours,
if you know what I mean.
Oh, here's some antacid. Have you ever tried this?
I can't believe it.
This can't be happening. Mike can't like Edie better than me. He just can't.
You don't know what's going on.
Maybe they're just having dinner.
You're right. They're doing it.
Edie?
Anybody home?
I need to borrow sugar.
And just like that, the possibility Susan had clung to,
the maybe of Mike Delfino, was gone forever.
And despite the precariousness of her situation,
Susan took a moment to mourn her loss.
It didn't take Susan long to realize this was just not her night.
Is somebody out there?
Oh, my god!
That's smoke!
...candles unattended in the den.
Paramedics said she was lucky. She could have been killed.
She ran out with nothing on.
She was having sex with some guy when the fire started.
What happened to him?
He got smoke inhalation. He's at the hospital.
Susan, are you all right? You look awful.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I-I just, uh... feel really bad for Edie.
Oh, honey, don't worry about Edie. She's a strong lady.
Absolutely. She'll get through this.
She'll find a way to survive.
We all do.
Come on.
Wow, what happened?
Mike.
And suddenly, there he was,
like a phoenix rising from the ashes.
I-I thought you were --
Uh, where were you?
I just got back from the movies. Edie had a fire, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, but she's fine now.
Everything's fine now.
And just like that, Susan was happy.
Life was suddenly full of... possibilities.
Not to mention a few unexpected surprises.
Hello? Hey, it's me.
Do you have anything yet?
No.
No, nothing yet, but don't worry.
I'm definitely getting closer.
I brought some champagne.
I thought we should have a toast.
The next day, my friends came together
to pack away my clothes, my personal belongings,
and what was left of my life.
All right, ladies, lift 'em up.
To Mary Alice --
a good friend and neighbor.
Wherever you are, we hope you've found peace.
To Mary Alice.
Let's get this show on the road.
You guys check out Mary Alice's clothes?
Size 8? Ha.
She always told me she was a size 6.
Guess we found the skeleton in her closet.
Not quite, Gabrielle.
Not quite.
What's that?
It's a letter addressed to Mary Alice.
How ironic --
to have something I tried so desperately to keep secret
treated so casually.
What are you doing? That's private.
It's open. What's the big deal?
I know what you did. It makes me sick. I'm going to tell.
What does this mean ?
I don't know but check out the post mark.
Oh my god! She got it the day she died.
Do you think this is why she...
I'm so sorry, girls.
I never wanted you to be burdened with this.
Mary Alice, what did you do ?
Subtitles : Bigmac
Transcript: RaceMan
If Mary alice was having some sort of crisis,we'd have known.
She lives 50 feet away, for god's sakes.
Gabby, the woman killed herlf.
Something must have been going on.
Every time I'm around that man, he tries to grab my ass.
I made over $200,000 doing business with him last year.
If he wants to grab your ass, you let him.
Why aren't you happy?
Turns out I wanted all the wrong things.
What's that?
It's a letter addressed to Mary Alice.
Oh, Mary Alice, what did you do?
An odd thing happens when we die.
Our senses vanish.
Taste, touch, smell, and sound become a distant memory,
but our sight --
ah, our sight expands,
and we can suddenly see the world we've left behind so clearly.
Of course, most of what's visible to the dead could also be seen by the living,
if they'd only take the time to look.
Like my friend Gabrielle.
I should have seen how unhappy she was, but I didn't.
I only saw her clothes from Paris...
and her platinum jewelry...
and her brand-new diamond watch.
Had I looked closer,
I'd have seen that Gabrielle was a drowning woman
desperately in search of a life raft.
Luckily for her, she found one.
Of course, Gabrielle only saw her young gardener
as a way to infuse her life with a little excitement.
But now she was about to discover just how exciting her life could get.
But now she was about to discover just how exciting her life could get.
Damn it.
Come on, come on, come on! Hurry up! Let's go!
Come on, come on!
Where are the rest of my clothes?
I'll find them. Just get out.
Where?
Out the window.
What?
Go, go, go, go, go!
Hi, honey. You're home early.
My meeting got canceled.
Didn't you take a shower this morning?
I, uh, I just finished a workout.
Where's John?
John?
Yeah. That's his truck out front.
Gabrielle was panicked.
She knew if her husband discovered her secret,
she would feel the full force of his wrath.
Hey, mr. Solis.
Hey, John, take care of that ficus yet?
I'll get to it as soon as I'm done here.
All right.
But she was quickly reminded that...
Yeah, sure.
what Carlos couldn't see...
No problem.
Couldn't hurt her.
Episode 2  Ah, but underneath
The peaceful facade of Wisteria Lane had recently been shattered,
first by my suicide...
and then by the discovery of...
a note among my belongings that suggested a suspicious reason for my desperate act.
My friends gathered to discuss its implications.
I think we should give it to Paul.
He's still mourning, Susan. He'll probably freak out.
It doesn't matter. She was his wife. He deserves to have all the facts.
Well, we could do it gently.
We could tell him about it over coffee and pastry.
That would be fun.
"Paul, we have proof your wife killed herself
over some deep, dark secret. Another bear claw?"
We could always call the police.
Maybe it's just some sort of sick joke.
Well, if it was a joke, it was in very poor taste.
No, this was serious. I know it was.
We got to find out what was going on.
Let's say we do. There's a chance we're not going to like what we find.
Well, isn't it worse to be in the dark?
I mean, imagining she did all these horrible things.
It's the age-old question, isn't it?
How much do we really want to know about our neighbors?
My friends were right to be concerned.
They knew that every family has its secrets,
and as my son and husband could have told them,
you need to think carefully before digging them up.
After talking for hours,
my friends still hadn't agreed on what to do with the note.
So they decided to talk about it in the morning after a good night's rest.
But no one could sleep that night.
They each kept thinking of my suicide
and how terribly alone I must have felt.
You see, loneliness was something my friends understood all too well.
It's okay. I'm up.
Good.
I have a question for you.
Do you remember when you proposed?
For god's sake --
We sat on skyline drive and drank a bottle of apple wine,
and when we finished it, you turned to me, and you said,
"if you marry me, Bree Mason,
I promise to love you for the rest of my life."
And even though I was engaged to Ty Grant, and even though my father didn't like you,
I said yes.
That was a long time ago.
You're going to cancel the meeting with that divorce lawyer,
and we're going to find ourselves a marriage counselor.
Bree --
You promised.
All right.
Good. I'm going to go, uh, make myself some warm milk.
Would you like something to drink?
Anything but apple wine.
Susan awoke that night alone and parched,
but as she gazed out her window,
she saw the tall drink of water she needed to quinch her thirst.
"dear diary, Mike doesn't even know I'm alive."
Shut up.
If you want to date him, you're going to have to ask him out.
I keep hoping he'll ask me out.
How's that going?
Shouldn't you be making brownies for your nerdy friends?
I can't find the measuring cup. Have you seen it?
The measuring cup?
Yeah.
I - well, it's - it's got to be here somewhere. Just keep looking.
I know you're awake.
I know you're a jerk.
Dinner with Tanaka ran long. I'm sorry.
You know, Carlos, I didn't marry you so I could have dinner by myself six times a week.
You know how bored I was today?
I came this close to actually cleaning the house.
Don't be that way. I got you a gift.
Nope. No, no, no, no.
You're not going to buy your way out of this one.
It's a good gift.
Is that white gold?
Yeah. Put it on...
and then make love to me.
I'm not in the mood.
But we could stay up and talk.
When a man buys a womaexpensive jewelry,
there are many things he may want in return for future reference,
conversation ain't one of them.
Hey, that was a joke.
Yeah, right.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Let go of me.
Hey, you've been acting like a nightmare for a month. What's wrong?
I can't fix it unless you tell me.
It's not exciting anymore, Carlos.
So what am I supposed to do?
I don't know.
Be the way you used to be.
Surprise me. Take my breath away.
Okay.
Hey, Susan.
What's wrong?
I didn't realize anybody was going to be out here. I just sort of rolled out of bed.
I'm sure you look fine.
Oh, Bongo, stop.
Sorry, uh... he scares easy.
No, it- it's fine.
I-I get it. I didn't mean to disturb you.
I'll see you later.
Do you want to have dinner with me?
Just the two of us?
Well... and Julie.
It's a thing we do when somebody new moves into the neighborhood,
we invite them over for a home-cooked meal. Sort of a tradition.
I thought you said you were a lousy cook.
Well, I order takeout.
Oh, you invite them over for home cooking and give them takeout.
Yeah, it's - it's - it's sort of a new tradition.
I'm working out the kinks.
I'll tell you what - how about I cook and you guys come over to my place?
Great.
Friday night at 6:00?
I'll be there.
All right. Come on
Bye, Bongo.
Julie!
Mike Delfino just invited us to dinner friday night.
He did? Cool.
But only I'm going, because you're going to come down with something semi-serious
that requires bed rest and fluids.
Julie was glad Susan was rekindling her love life.
Of course, she was unaware of her mother's recent track record with fire.
It's all gone --
everything my ex-husband worked for all those years.
Gone.
Well, don't worry about clothing.
I already started a collection from people in the neighborhood.
What? I don't want to wear other people's old crap.
Edie, you can be homeless, or you can be ungracious. You really can't afford to be both.
That reminds me - my insurance check still hasn't come yet.
Can I stay with you for a few more weeks?
Of course. What kind of christian would I be if I denied shelter to a friend in need?
Oh, look, here's something we can salvage.
Your measuring cup.
We can just scrape off the burnt part, and it'll look good as new.
That's not my cup. Mine was plastic.
Well, how did it get in here?
I don't know. Who cares?
Now, would you put that down and start looking for jewelry?
Dr. Albert Goldfein was the most accomplished marriage counselor in the city.
He had dealt with problems ranging from substance abuse
to infidelity
to domestic violence.
Yes, dr. Goldfine thought he had seen it all,
and then he met the Van de Kamps.
Hi. I'm Bree, and this is my husband Rex...
and I brought you some homemade potpourri.
The answer is yes.
You're about to make a fortune off of us.
Guys, I'm very --
Sit in your seats.
I am not going to tell you again!
Buckle up!
I mean it, so help me, I will --
Crap!
Licenses, registration, ma'am.
Ma'am, you know why I pulled you over?
I have a theory.
The kids are jumping up and down. They should be sitting, wearing their seat belts.
I don't let them - they don't even listen to me. It's very frustrating.
Well, you have to find a way to control them. After all, that's your job.
Though he'd been a policeman for six years,
officer Hayes had never found himself in a truly dangerous situation.
Then again, he had never before told a woman how to raise her children.
Are you saying I'm a bad mother?
Ma'am, you need to get back in your car, please.
I have no help. My husband's always away on business.
I'm going to have to ask you to step back now.
My babysitter joined the witness relocation program.
I haven't slept through the night in six years,
and for you to stand there and judge me...
I'm not going to give you a ticket.
I'm just going to let you off with a warning.
I accept your apology.
Buckle up.
Mrs. Solis.
Hello, Jonathan.
Well, this is my room.
Sorry about the mess.
Ah, don't worry about it.
You just missed my mom. Friday she coaches my little sister's soccer team.
Oh, yes. I heard that.
Um, John, we need to talk about what happened the other day.
Mr. Solis isn't starting to catch on, is he?
No, no, he doesn't have a clue, god love him.
It's just that when you come over to garden, you might actually have to garden.
Great. You're breaking up with me
in my own bedroom.
No, no, no. I'm not dumping you.
Lately you've been the only thing keeping me going.
It's just we can't do it at my house anymore.
So, then, where do you want to do it?
Well, what time does your mom get back from soccer practice?
Mrs. Solis.
Better hurry. We don't have a lot of time.
And so there's just the four of us.
My older son Andrew is 16, Danielle is 15, and --
I don't need to see pictures. Bree,
you've spent most of the hour engaging in small talk.
Oh, have I?
Yes. Rex has been very vocal about his issues.
Don't you want to discuss your feelings about your marriage?
Doc, um... this is the thing you got to know about Bree --
she doesn't like to talk about her feelings.
To be honest, it's hard to know if s has any.
Does she feel anger, rage, ecstasy?
Who knows?
She's always pleasant,
and I can't tell you how annoying that is.
Whatever she feels, it's so far below the surface, no one can see it.
I feel like she's using all these...
What?
Uh, I'm sorry.
Would you like to respond to what Rex just said?
Is there some truth there?
Do you use housework as a way to disengage emotionally?
Of course not.
Ah. This is great.
I've got tons of homework tonight.
It's so easy to concentrate after sex.
I'm glad I could help. Education is very important.
Oh, I got something for you.
I was going to give it to you next time I mowed your lawn,
but since you're here...
Oh, it's a rose.
It's not just any rose.
Look at all the petals. There's no floss. It's perfect.
Oh, John.
Just like you.
The truth hit her like a thunderbolt.
I spent days looking for just the right one. I finally found it.
For John, this was no longer a meaningless little affair.
Gabrielle could now clearly see he was falling in love with her.
It's just beautiful.
I...
I got to go.
Goodbye.
So what are we having?
Uh, well, I talked to Julie, and - thanks. And she suggested rib eye steaks.
She said that's your favorite.
Oh, yeah, I love my steak.
Hi, Mike. Susan.
Hey, I'm sorry about your house. How you holding up?
All right, I guess.
Oh, is somebody having a party?
No, Susan's just throwing me one of her traditional welcome-to-the-neighborhood dinners,
only I'm cooking...
and having it at my house.
Ha ha. Traditional, huh? I didn't get one.
Oh, it's sort of a new tradition.
Well, it won't be anything fancy. Just a little home cooking.
That sounds so good.
Susan suddenly had an awful feeling in the pit of her stoma...
I've been having nothing but fast food lately.
As if she was watching an accident in slow motion.
She knew it would happen, but was powerless to stop it.
Edie, would you like to join us for dinner?
Oh, that's so sweet.
No, I don't want to intrude. Three's a crowd.
No, it's not like that. I mean, Susan's bringing Julie.
Yeah, it's not like that.
The more, the merrier.
Well, this will be fun.
All right.
Tomorrow night.We'll eat at 6:00.
Great.
Oh, and, Susan...
Yeah.
This will make up for the dinner that you never threw me.
Right. Ha ha.
Should I have told her we were having steak?
She's not, like, a vegetarian or something, is she?
Oh, no, no.
No, edie's definitely a carnivore.
Here's, um...
Here's what I pulled for Edie.
I should warn you that most of the clothes in there aren't that stylish.
Oh, don't worry about it. Edie's a beggar now,
which means she can'be a chooser.
Of course, we don't have to add salt to the wound.
Listen, I was just getting dinner ready.
Say no more.
I'll get out of your hair.
No, no.
By the way, was that you I saw getting pulled over by a policeman?
Yeah, the boys were acting up in the car,
and I couldn't get them to sit down.
Young boys can be so willful.
I try everything.
I scream, I threaten, I reason, I beg. Nothing works.
I don't know if it's because they're too young and they don't understand,
or if they're just getting some perverse joy out of testing me.
My mother used to have the worst time with me in the car,
so one time when I was acting up, she stopped
and left me on the side of the road, and she drove off.
You're kidding.
Oh, she came back immediately,
but I never misbehaved in the car again.
You should try that.
Mrs. Huber, I could never leave my kids by the side of the road.
When it comes to discipline, sometimes you must be creative.
My mother knew that. Smart lady.
Of course, she's in a home now,
and her mind has just turned to mush.
Well, like I said, I should go back and get dinner ready.
Oh, right, right.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Susan, have you been able to find old clothes for Edie?
She has nothing to wear.
I thought that was the look she was going for.
Oh, Susan.
Edie may be trash, but she's still a human being.
Zach? Is your dad home?
I need to talk to him.
Hey, Paul.
Hey.
Hope I'm not interrupting.
Actually, I was getting ready to go somewhere.
I just wanted to come by and say hello, you know,
see how you guys a doing.
We're trying to move on. It's been pretty tough.
Yeah, I could only imagine.
I mean, not knowing why Mary Alice...
Why what?
Why she did it. Oh, here, let me help you.
I've got it, I've got it.
I'm sorry if I upset you.
Can I be frank?
Of course.
I don't care what her reasons were.
Maybe she was depressed, maybe she was bored.
It doesn't matter.
She abandoned her husband and her son, and I'll never forgive her.
As I watched Ssusan, I couldn't help feeling sorry for her.
She wanted so much to know why I did it...
Why I killed myself.
It's not enough to want the truth.
You must know where to look for it.
And the truth is elusive, because it knows where to hide.
Hello, Julie.
I talked to your mom about donating some clothes for Edie.
She's at mrs. Van de Kamp's,
but I'll see if she left some stuff upstairs.
I-I was, um, just admiring your new measuring cup.
Yeah, we lost ours.
Really?
So I couldn't find the clothes. I'm sorry.
That's okay.
If you want me to keep looking...
No, you've done more than enough, truly.
Bree, Rex just called. He won't be able to meet you here today.
Apparently, there was an emergency at the hospital.
Oh. Well, I wish he had called me.
He suggested perhaps you'd like to meet with me by yourself.
You've been very quiet in our joint sessions.
What?
Oh - oh, no, thank you. I-I have some things that I-I need to do today.
You - you sure?
Uh, yeah. I'm sure.
Dr. Goldfine, there is something you can do for me.
What's that?
Take off your coat.
So now you're taking Julie on the dinner date with Mike?
Yeah, well, if Edie's going to be there, I'm going to need emotional support.
I can't believe she wormed her way in.
How did you let her do that?
I don't know.
I was going to take her out at the knees, but it all happened so fast.
Well, you know what you need to do.
You need to get there early, spend a little time with Mike before the little barracuda gets there.
That's a good idea.
Edie will get there at 5:45, which means her breasts will arrive at 5:30,
so I should shoot for 5:00.
That a girl.
I'm just going to take these upstairs.
I'm going to keep my one little bag and go home.
That is a beautiful rose. Where did you get it?
Oh, John gave it to me.
John? Your gardener? He gave you a rose?
Yes.
I am having some new bushes planted outside,
and he gave me that as a color palette.
Sure is beautiful, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
I'm sure Freud would not approve of this.
Oh, who cares what he thinks?
I took psychology in college. We learned all about Freud.
A miserable human being.
What makes you say that?
Well, think about it --
he grew up in the late 1800s. There were no appliances back then.
His mother had to do everything by hand,
just backbreaking work from sunup to sundown,
not to mention the countless other sacrifices she probably had to make to take care of her family.
And what does he do?
He grows up and becomes famous peddling a theory
that the problems of most adults
can be traced back to something awful their mother has done.
She must have felt so betrayed.
He saw how hard she worked.
He saw what she did for him.
Did he even ever think to say "thank you"?
I doubt it.
There you go.
Just so you know, many of Freud's theories have been discredited.
Good.
Boys, I am not going to tell you again - sit. I mean it.
I am serious.
You boys are going to be in so much trouble if you don't sit back in those seats.
For the first time, Lynette could see this was not the innocent play of children.
She was being challenged.
So she decided it was time to get creative.
Out. Can't behave, you heard me, you cannot ride.
You, out.
Where's mom going?
I don't know.
Mommy's a genius.
5, 6 - alright.
I will be right back.
Boys?
If you're hiding, you've got to stop now, 'cause mommy doesn't think it's funny!
Oh, excuse me.
I'm sorry. I'm looking for my boys. Three boys with red hair.
Have you seen them?
Yeah. I also saw you drive away and leave them.
I know. I was just trying to scare them into behaving.
Did you see where they went?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're in my kitchen.
Listen, uh, it seems to me that you have some anger management issues.
I have four kids under the age of 6. I absolutely have anger management issues.
Yeah, well, I think you need to talk to somebody,
because abandoning your children is --
Hey, I-I didn't abandon them. I came back.
I'm just saying it's not normal.
Well, my kids aren't normal,
and now I don't have time for this, lady, so --
boys, get out here!
No, I don't think they should go anywhere until you calm down.
Get in the car.
She's got cookies.
Well, bring them. We're leaving.
Oh, no, no. Stay put.
I don't think so. Aah!
Listen, lady, you and I are going to have a little talk.
Leave my mommy alone!
Let go of me!
What's the matter with you?
Run, boys, run!
Son of a - aah!
You get back here!
Boys, you're going to need to put on your --
You come back here right now! Get back or I'm going to call social services!
Oh, my god.
Carlos, what have you done?
I saw it when I drove by the dealership.
I thought, "Gabrielle would look so beautiful in this."
Cost me an arm and a leg.
It's got GPS navigation, 200-watt stereo system, rear parking --
Oh, my god, it's beautiful.
So... did I take your breath away?
Absolutely.
Is it the best gift you've ever gotten?
Gabrielle could see what this gesture had cost Carlos,
so she responded the only way she knew how.
She had a feeling the truth would have been lost on her husband anyway.
After all,
it's the rare man who understands the value of a single perfect rose.
Oh, I hope you don't mind. I thought I'd come by early and help you set up.
Hey, Susan.
Don't worry. Mike and I have got everything under control.
Bongo.
I don't know why he barks at you.
Well, I wouldn't take it personally. Dogs are very sensitive.
What's up, Bongo, huh?
You never know what freaks them out, huh?
In the distance, susan thought she heard a bell ring.
Ooh, is it a strange noise, huh? What is it? A weird smell?
Round one had started.
Look, all I'm saying is that this whole
"it takes two to mess up a marriage" theory is bull.
The problems that weave are because of her.
That is not true, Rex.
All right, fine. What have I been doing for the past 20 years that's been so awful?
You're not saying anything because I've been a great husband,
and it kills you to admit that.
Rex, I'm curious --
do you ever acknowledge the benefits of living with Bree?
Huh?
By your own admission, your home is always clean,
your clothes are always freshly pressed. Sounds like a wonderful cook.
Despite her flaws, do you ever remember to say "thank you"?
"Thank you"?
Yes.
Bongo! Bongo.Get down. Down.
Go on. Unh-unh. Down.
I'm sorry.
So, um, who's the guy that lives across from mrs. Huber again?
Mm. That's mr. Mullen,
and just so you know, if he invites you in, you have to meet all of his pets.
That's okay. I love animals.
He's a taxidermist.
Thanks for the warning.
Isn't mr. Mullen's brother your divorce attorney?
Uh, yes. Yes, he was.
Can I say something?
In my heart, I still believe that you and Carl are going to get back together.
Really?
Oh, yeah, I-I've never seen two people more in love.
I mean, she's never going to find that kind of chemistry with another man. Never.
It was everything susan could do to keep a smile on her face.
Round two was under way, and she was already taking a beating.
You know what, mrs. Britt?
What edie hadn't counted on...
Do you know who I always liked?
Was Susan had someone else in her corner.
Mr. Authwell - your fourth husband.
Oh, he was my second husband. I've only been married twice.
Twice?
You weren't married to the guy with all the tattoos that they took away in handcuffs?
No, Julie, she wasn't married to Javier.
That was just one of her special friends.
I think we should change the subject. You know, unless you want to keep talking about it.
Bongo, get down.
Wait, wait. Let - let me show you something. Bongo.
He loves that gravy.
While you were in there tossing the salad,
I taught him something.
Up.
Susan was furious with Edie for using a dog to ingratiate herself with its owner.
She was also furious with Mike for not seeing through this blatant maneuver.
But mostly...
you know what? I'm going to go get the desserts.
She was furious with herself for not having thought of it first.
I can barely get him to sit.
You are a good dog. You're the best dog ever. Yes, you are.
Ha ha. I've never seen him walk on two legs.
Well, he knows who to come to, doesn't he? He knows who to come to.
Here's your dessert.
Thank you. Mmm. My, this looks yummy.
Oh, look at that.
Looks like Bongo's finally warming up to Susan.
Yeah, we just got off on the wrong foot. We're best buddies now.
Oh, what a good boy.
Bongo, are you okay?
What's wrong with him?
I don't know. I've never heard him make that sound.
Hey, you okay, pal?
Mom.
Hey, you all right? You okay? Come on.
Call the vet. The number's on the fridge. Tell him I'll be right there.
Okay, don't you worry about a thing. I'll stay here and get everything cleaned up.
Thanks, Edie.
Is there anything I can do?
No.
Hey.
Hey.
How's Bongo doing?
I'm, uh, just waiting to see if they'll have to operate.
Oh, god.
I-I... I stopped and I got this...
I am just so sorry for this.
I'm really sorry I snapped at you. I was ju so --
Oh, no, it's okay.
Good news.
We won't have to do surgery.
Oh, that's great.
We've given Bongo something to help pass the earring.
When he does, would you like us to retrieve it for you?
I'm going to say no.
Okay. You should be able to take him home in about an hour.
You must be so relieved.
I'm sorry. I was just really worried.
Well, it was your dog. I get it.
Actually, he was my wife's dog, and, uh...
one of the last things she said to me in the hospital before she died
was to be sure I looked after him,
and, um, I promised her I would.
And just like that,Susan could suddenly see something she'd never seen before.
He, uh, meant so much to her.
Mike Delfino was still in love with his late wife.
And if, uh, something had happened, I would have felt like I had failed her.
I know that sounds stupid, but I...
and she knew right then neither she nor Edie would be laying claim to his heart anytime soon.
No, it doesn't. Not at all.
So she decided, for now,
she could settle for just being his friend.
This is for you. Well, for Bongo.
You give it to him.
Yes. As I look back at the world I left behind,
it's all so clear to me:
the beauty that waits to be unveiled,
the mysteries that long to be uncovered.
But people so rarely stop to take a look,
they just keep moving.
It's a shame really,
there's so much to see.
Subtitles: Bigmac
Transcript: Raceman
Previously on "Desperate Housewives"
Susan took dating tips
from her 12-year-old daughter.
If you want to date him, you're
going to have to ask him out.
I keep hoping he'll ask me out.
How's that going?
Bree accidentally poisoned her husband.
I can't believe you tried to kill me.
Yes, well, I feel badly about that.
Lynette indulged in creative parenting.
Any of you acts up, I will call Santa,
and I will tell him you want socks for Christmas.
I really hate the way you talk to me.
I really hate that I spent $15,000
on your diamond necklace.
While Gabrielle indulged
in the company of her gardener.
Hi, honey. You're home early.
And everybody is wondering...
Mary Alice, what did you do?
Why their best friend just killed herself.
How much do we really want
to know about our neighbors?
Everyone has a little dirty laundry.
After I died,
I began to surrender the parts of
myself that were no longer necessary.
My desires, beliefs, ambitions, doubts --
every trace of my humanity was discarded.
I discovered when moving through eternity,
it helps to travel lightly.
In fact, I held on to only one thing
my memory.
It's astonishing to look back
on the world I left behind
I remember it all --
every single detail.
Like my friend Bree Van De Kamp.
I remember the easy confidence of her smile,
the gentle elegance of her hands,
the refined warmth of her voice.
But what I remember most about Bree...
Rex, wasn't that lovely --
was the look of fear in her eyes.
Bree had started to realize
her world was unraveling,
and for a woman who despised loose ends,
that was unacceptable.
Rex. Rex. You need to get up.
It's not even light out.
Please hurry.
If the kids see you sleeping down here,
they're going to start asking questions.
Let 'em ask. I don't care anymore.
Well, I care.
They don't need to be burden
with our marital problems
while we're working things out,
the least we can do is try to keep up appearances.
Oh, yeah. Appearances.
I keep forgetting about appearances.
Oh, Rex, you look so tired.
I didn't sleep.
This damn thing is so uncomfortable.
Well, why don't you move back
upstairs and sleep in our bed?
We're in marriage counseling, Bree.
I think that would confuse things.
It's just--
I miss you.
I know you do.
Of course, if I don't find out start getting some sleep, pretty soon
I'll be forced to move back upstairs out of sure exhaustion.
Yes, Bree was afraid of many things,
but if there was one thing she wasn't afraid of...
It was a challenge.
Episode 3 : Pretty little picture
The day on Wisteria lane began like any other.
With a cup of coffee and the moring paper.
Just give me a second....
and while Lynette read the business section.
and Gabrielle studied the fall collections
and Bree searched for decorating ideas
Susan scanned the front page and saw something
that caught her eye
What's about time.
Be nice. I come bearing Snacks.
Lynette, these cards are sticky
I know. Preston used the three of diamonds to took scoop jam out of the jar.
Gorgeous, thankful we have 49 cards to play with.
Hello. Sorry I'm late
Hey.
So, Susan and I was just telling the girls, I want to throw a dinner party
Really?
Yes.
Well how long have we all lived on this street we've never done a big group thing
I think it's a great idea
Paul never likes to have people over but the heck with him I'm doing it.
So when is this shindig?
How about a month from tonight?
That would be the 16th. Good for everyone?
Works for me. Should we all make something?
Oh, no. This is my party.
I've been wanting to have everyone over for years.
I'm so happy we're finally doing this.
It's gonna be so much fun.
Hey.
I know. Her dinner.
How could we have all forgotten about this?
We didn't exactly forget, it's just usually when the hostess dies the party's off.
Lynette
I'm not being flip. I'm just pointing out a reality.
Mary Alice was so excited about it. It's so sad.
I think we should go through with it.
Really? Wouldn't that be in poor taste?
No. It's sort of a way to honor
Mary Alice. It was so important to her
We could all use a fun night.
Well, good, because I have some new flour that I have been just dying to show off.
Lynette?
I'm in.
I'll make braised lamb shanks.
I'm still in.
So how many I will be cooking for?
Seven. Three couples and Susan.
Does that sound right?
No, it sounds very, very wrong.
Oh
Is there somebody you'd like to invite?
I have an idea.
A dinner party.
Honey, I may be working late.
The Dillman proposal's a complete mess.
No, no, you promised to be home every night this week.
I'll try but I can't guarantee anything.
This is business.
says the prince as he rides off into the sunset.
Boy the movies ever get the wrong.
You know what your problem is?
You're very tense.
You should go to a spa or go shopping.
Find a way to relax.
Hello?
Where are you?
Algebra.
You free at 4:00?
I'm not sure. I got track after school.
Well, get here as fast as you can.
My husband says I need to relax.
You, uh, want me to keep my gym clothes on like last time?
If you would, please.
A dinner party?
Yeah, it'll be fun.
Bree's cooking, everyone's coming.
You know what?
I haven't even had a chance to unpack yet, honey.
I just, uh, I just need to chill out for the next few days.
Oh, Tom.
There'll be liquor and hors d'oeuvres and grownups without children and --
and silverware.
Remember silverware?
Honey, can you take this in for me?
Have you heard anything I just said?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm just - I'm wiped out.
Three cities in six days - my head is just pounding.
I'm not ready for a dinner party.
I already got a sitter.
Can you cancel her?
Please?
Look, let's just stay in tomorrow night.
We can get a bottle of wine and rent a video,
and I-I just want to hang out with my best gal.
That's all.
I was looking so forward to a night out.
I know, sweetie, I'm sorry, but...
I'm beat.
I mean, do you remember what it was like to work a 60-hour week?
A dinner party?
Do I have to go?
Well, given that we're hosting it, I'd say so.
By the way, you won't be drinking at this party.
Why is that?
Because when you drink, you get chatty.
No one needs to know that we're seeing Dr. Goldfine.
You know, if you spent half as much time working on our problems as you do covering them --
not a drop.
You know, this - this is ridiculous.
And this whole thing about us taking tennis lessons?
Well, the nurses at your office may start wondering
why you're disappearing three times a week.
Tennis lessons are a plausible alibi.
All right so, these tennis lessons we're taking --
how are we doing?
My backhand's improving immensely,
but you're still having problems with your serve.
Of course.
A dinner party?
It's tomorrow night, so if you could just keep Julie an extra day.
Fine, but that's all. Brandi and I leave sunday for a week up at the cabin.
What cabin?
Brandi wanted some place where we could get away.
Escrow just closed yesterday.
You can afford a cabin, but you can't scrape up child support?
The check is in the mail.
Oh.
No, it's not.
I found my dental guard. I'm ready.
Stop fighting.
We are being as nice as we possibly can to one another.
Like I said, stop fighting.
Excuse me, Brandi.
Do you mind?
Oh, okay.
Wait.
Susan, you're right there. You can pick it up.
I could, but she's the one who threw it.
Come on. Don't be petulant. Just pick up the stupid can.
No.
I can pick it up.
Honey, stay out of this.
Fine.
This is so typical.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Was that petulant, too?
You know what? You can pick up the damn can yourself.
Yeah, well, you just go to hell.
You want me to pick it up?
Uh...
Mrs. Warmington said she looked for mom's obituary and couldn't find it.
Did you put one in?
I've had other things on my mind, Zack.
But how could you not do that?
People are going to think we didn't care about her.
I doubt people will give it much thought.
Don't worry about it.
You never talk about her.
She hasn't even been dead a month, and it's like you've totally forgotten she ever existed.
It's a little early for this kind of talk.
Maybe when you die,
I won't put in an obituary.
That will be your choice to make.
Assuming you outlive me.
Mom, it's no big deal.
Carlos and I are driving in for the baptism.
Problem solved.
Okay, fine.
You go with aunt Maria, and I will take Nana to church.
Take your clothes off.
Uh-huh.
Okay. I got to go, mom.
Yes, right now.
Okay, uh, you can give me directions later. Bye.
Hi. How was school?
Got an A-minus on my biology exam.
You did? Mm.
Well, let's see what you've learned.
Who's that?
I don't know.
Hey, you!
So did Mike say anything?
No, but, god, you should have seen the look on his face.
I'm sure it's not that bad.
I mean, he's coming to the party, right?
I left three messages.
Oh, he's not going to come. Big surprise.
I did everything but foam at the mouth.
God, I hate when I get that way.
It's like every time I get within 10 feet of Karl,
I just become this monster.
You know what? It's not going to change
until you resolve your issues with that man.
What, you mean forgive him?
You know, I've lived with this bitterness
so long, I think I'd be lonely without it.
Honey, get a pet.
See ya.
Son of a --
it's a business meeting.
It's a frat party.
Regional manager, corporate manager, head of sales.
Margarita, cigar, sombrero.
Okay.
Honey, what do you want me to do, sit around the hotel the whole time watching cable?
No. But when I say,
"we've been invited to a party,"
don't whine about your exhausting 60-hour week.
Put on your dancin' shoes and take the mother of your children out for a good time.
Fine. You know what? You're right.
Let's go to that party.
I can't. I already canceled the sitter.
Okay, well, we'll throw the next one.
Throw a dinner party?
I don't even have time to wash my face.
No, you know what?
I'm going to go to this one.
You can stay home and babysit the kids.
Fine.
I can handle that.
Thank you.
Gabrielle spent her morning searching for the mysterious little girl.
Sadly for her, the mystery was solved a bit too quickly.
Hey.
What's going on?
Have you met Ashley?
Found it!
Babe, this is Sheila Bukowski, our new neighbor.
They just moved into the Miller's old house.
My daughter left her ball in your yard.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, oh, no - no problem.
Nice to meet you, Ashley.
She's shy. She doesn't say much.
Yeah, but I can see her little mind working away.
Nice meeting you.
Come on, Ashley.
Private sessions?
I don't understand. Why do we need private sessions?
Private sessions allow us to work on the personal issues of both partners.
Oh, well, I don't have any personal issues.
My only issue is that my husband wants to leave me,
and how can I work on that if he's not in the room?
There are things I need to discuss with Dr. Goldfine,
and I can't have you there.
Why?
I'm your wife. You can say anything in front of me.
All we need is a few more sessions, and I'm sure we can --
damn it, Bree,
a few more sessions isn't going to fix us.
This is bigger than that.
Why don't we do it this way?
Rex, you can take the first half-hour.
Bree, you can take the second.
Fine.
Oh, and, doctor,
if what he's about to discuss has anything to do
with adultery, prostitution, or internet pornography,
I would really appreciate you taking a moral hard line.
Hi, Ashley.
Remember me? We - we met earlier.
Wow.
Aren't you the little artist? Ha ha.
What are those - flamingos?
No.
Well, they're very pretty.
It almost looks like they're kissing.
Funny thing about kissing --
it's not just for husbands and wives.
Sometimes we kiss our mom or our grandpa.
Sometimes we even kiss our dog. Ha ha.
Sometimes we even kiss people who are just our friends,
kind of like a high-five on the lips. Right? Ha ha.
Uh... hey, Ash,
I was at the mall, and I saw this.
I thought you might like it.
She's hawaiian.
Her name is princess kahalua,
and I think it means "little waterfall,"
or "big pond" or something.
Okay.
So we're good, right?
Okay.
Well, you enjoy your new little friend,
and if there's anything else you need, you just let me know.
What I'd really like
is a bike.
Where did you find that?
She used this to kill herself.
Why would you keep it?
Why?
Because I thought we might need it someday.
For what?
Protection.
I want to talk about mom.
You need to take your medication.
We are going to talk about mom.
Hello, Zack.
I hope this isn't a bad time.
What can I do for you, Mrs. Van De Kamp?
Well, I wanted to invite you and your father to a dinner party tomorrow night.
I'm not sure where he is right now.
Oh. Well, I'm sorry it's such late notice, but, well,
we weren't sure that you and your father were ready for any kind of social engagement yet,
but, we're sort of throwing it in your mother's honor.
Really?
Yes, it's just going to be a casual night with the gang.
We're going to eat and tell fun stories about your mom.
Zack... are you okay?
Hello, Bree.
Oh, hi, Paul.
I was just --
I heard.
Thank you, but we already have plans for tomorrow.
Oh. That's too bad.
Well, I should go.
Thank you, Mrs. Van De Kamp.
For what, Zack?
Remembering my mom.
Mm.
That night, Paul gave his son something to calm his nerves,
and the next day, Gabrielle calmed her own nerves by giving something to her new best friend.
Here you go.
Top of the line, 3-speed, aluminum frame, handlebar ribbons, and a bell,
and you'll notice it's royal blue to match your pretty little eyes.
My eyes are green.
Yeah, well, you'll be cruising
so fast on this, no one will even notice.
It's all yours, hon.
Have fun.
What? What's wrong?
I don't know how to ride a bike.
What?
Well, then, why did you ask for one?
Why can't you show me?
Ha ha. well.
Sure, one of these days.
What's wrong with now?
After her talk with Lynette,
Susan decided to take a look at her old photo album,
and she began to see herself in a whole new light,
and the picture wasn't flattering.
Yeah, you got Karl. Leave a message.
Hey, Karl, it's me.
I was hoping you'd be there.
Um, listen, we need to talk,
so maybe when you drop Julie off tomorrow,
we could have a moment.
It's important.
Give my best to...
Brandi.
Call me.
Susan was proud of herself.
She was finally ready to let go of her anger.
Well...
almost.
The boys will be hungry at 5:30,
so put the fish sticks in the toaster oven at 5:00.
For half an hour.
Honey, I know. This is the third time you've told me.
Well, if the food's late, god help you.
Beautiful, I don't need a pamphlet.
It's not brain surgery.
They're just kids, for god sake.
Preston, would you come here?
Yeah?
Sweetie,
you know our rule about eating cookies, right?
Yeah, we can't have them after 5:00
'cause sugar makes us hyper.
Yeah, but tonight, anything goes.
Make sure you share with your brothers.
Thanks, mom.
Don't look at your feet.
Don't look at your feet.
Look at the road.
Look at the road. Good.
Ow. Okay.
Find your balance.
Find your balance.
Okay, it's all you.
It's all you!
You're doing great!
Okay, stay to the right.
Watch the car.
Watch the car!
Watch the car!
Oh, god.
Oh! Are you okay?
Yeah. Let's go again.
Oh, honey, these heels don't have another block in them.
What about tomorrow?
Well, you won't be around tomorrow, 'cause you have school.
I'm homeschooled.
I'm always around.
It was in that moment that Gabrielle realized this ride was far from over.
I'm coming!
Karl, what are you doing here?
I asked you to come tomorrow.
You said you wanted to talk.
It sounded important.
Tomorrow.
I'm in a towel.
We were married 14 years.
I know what's under there.
Come on.
I'm not really ready for this.
I was going to have a whole speech prepared.
Brandi and I have plans tomorrow.
I suggest you wing it.
um, okay.
Here's the thing, Karl --
I was thinking about what happened in the driveway yesterday,
and... I-I just don't want to --
I don't want to live like that.
I don't want to be that kind of person,
and I just thought if the two of us,
you know, if we had a nice, calm --
I need an apology, Karl.
A what?
An apology for the way you ended our marriage.
You never took any responsibility for your behavior.
I don't know what to say, Susan.
The heart wants what it wants.
What does that mean?
I fell in love.
While you were married to someone else.
The heart wants what it wants.
Yeah, well, my heart wants to hurt you,
but I can control myself.
I-I don't want to go back to that ugly place, really,
and if you do, I suggest that you get some help.
You know what?
I don't need an apology.
I don't need anything from you.
You're humiliating yourself.
No, you're the one who's been humiliated, Karl.
Why don't you see that?
You walked out on your family.
People think you're scum, not me,
so worry about yourself.
I'm okay with me.
I can walk down the street and hold my head high.
As the sun slowly settled on Wisteria lane,
an unsettled Susan racked her brain to find a way into her own house.
Aah!
Lying naked in her shrubs,
it occurred to Susan this could be the most humiliating moment of her life.
Susan?
She was wrong.
Uh, whatcha doing?
Locked myself out...
naked.
Oh.
And then I fell.
So how are you?
Good, good.
I just got back.
I've been gone all day, and I got your messages about dinner,
and, um, I would love to come if that invite still stands.
It's a date.
All right. I, um...
assume the dress is casual.
Yeah. It's - it's casual.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks for helping me break in.
Do you think it'll be hard to replace that screen?
It depends.
If you nail it in yourself, you might want to wear gloves...
or pants. Pants wouldn't hurt.
Okay, I know what just happened is funny in theory,
but I'm nowhere near ready to laugh about it,
so please, no jokes.
Hey, where have you two been?
Uh, Susan had a problem finding something to wear.
Oh, is that the kind of thing you meant?
Pretty much.
The kids are bouncing off the walls? Huh.
Well, I'm sure you can figure a way to put them to bed, Tom.
I mean, for god sakes, Tom, they're just kids.
Hey. Are you okay?
Yes, I-I went jogging today,
and I think I just pushed myself too hard.
Oh, you're probably not wearing the right shoes.
Yeah, that thought did cross my mind.
So Gabrielle says that you and Bree are taking lessons three times a week.
Uh-huh.
I'm actually thinking about playing again.
I mean, it's such great exercise.
Mm. That it is.
And my drop shot could use a serious tune-up.
Think you can give me the number of your pro?
Yeah. I'll, uh,
I'll give it to you later.
Well, what club does he work out of?
Um...
w-we're not really taking tennis lessons, carlos.
You're not?
That's a story
Bree concocted to cover the fact that we're seeing a marriage counselor.
Bree - Bree...
he wouldn't stop asking about the tennis pro.
Bree and I are in marriage counseling.
Everyone knows our secret now.
Did the sky fall?
Has your life come crashing down?
If everybody would please take your seats,
dinner is served.
With the winds from the northwest at 4 miles per hour,
it's currently 55 degrees.
Now we go to rich... live on the scene in westbrook.
A grisly discovery was made today in westbrook
when a chest was found in rockwater lake,
discovered by a local area businessman and his grandson while they were fishing.
Investigators recovered a wooden chest
containing what appears to be human remains.
Now, a police spokesman says the body was --
Okay, I got to break the ice here.
So you're in counseling. Big deal.
You want humiliation? I'll give you humiliation.
I locked myself out of my house stark naked and got caught by Mike.
Oh, my god. When did this happen?
Today, right before the party.
What can I say?
Right place, right time.
I think I can top that. Try getting thrown out of disneyland for lewd behavior.
What? When was this?
When Tom and I were first married, things got
a little out of hand on Mr. Toad's wild ride.
You're kidding.
No. We got perp walked
down main street, USA.
Well, since we're doing true confessions,
Carlos and I once broke a waterbed in Cancoon.
How'd you manage that?
Well, he used to have a thing for spiked heels.
I'd just like to make it clear - she was wearing them.
Rex cries after he ejaculates.
You think we left too early?
I was thinking we left too late.
So is, uh,
Rex gone for good?
I don't know.
God, I hope not.
I mean, they've always been wound a little
tight, but I've never seen them like that.
Then again, who am I to judge?
You mean people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw soda cans?
Okay, you have got to know that
I only get that angry around Karl.
He just treated me so badly at the end.
I haven't been able to get past it.
Well, maybe he did you a big favor.
What do you mean?
Let's look at Karl as a starter marriage - you know, boot camp.
Preparing you for something better next time.
Listen, Mike...
about the whole seeing me naked thing, I...
I don't - I just want to thank you for being such A... perfect gentleman.
Oh, I wasn't a perfect gentleman.
I might have snuck a peek.
Oh.
Good night.
And, um, for what it's worth...
Wow.
Hi.
How was your night?
We are raising little terrorists.
You know that, don't you?
Oh. You didn't have a good time?
Okay, you know what? Drop the act.
I know you gave them cookies.
Oh. Who cracked, anyway?
Porter.
Oh.
So how was your, uh, dinner party?
Well, there was dinner, but it wasn't much of a party.
Uh-oh. What happened?
I don't know.
Rex announced that he and Bree are in counseling.
She retaliated with this whole revelation
which I won't even go into now,
and the bottom line is he stormed out.
Clearly, there's trouble in paradise.
Honestly, I'm not that surprised.
Why not?
I don't know. I just never got the idea that they were really happy.
Are we happy?
Man, oh, man.
I keep seeing that look on Rex's face,
and then him taking off like that.
Some night.
Then again, I would probably cry, too, if I had to have sex with that woman.
I mean, you watch a man get torn down like that,
it makes you wonder why he let her get away with it.
Believe me, if a woman ever humiliated me like that in public,
hm- it would only happen once.
So, uh, where are you going?
I'll be staying at the motor lodge.
The hotel by the interstate has better rates,
and it's closer to your work.
Fine.
I'm packing your swimsuit.
There's a pool there,
and I know how swimming relaxes you.
When our kids ask where I am,
what are you going to say?
Um...
I could tell them that you went to tennis camp.
That was a joke.
Yeah. I got it.
Ah. There.
Obviously, if you've forgotten anything,
you can, um, come right back and get it.
Well, I'll call you.
Rex.
In college, when we first started dating,
people were so jealous of us.
We were the golden couple.
Everybody knew we were going to have this wonderful life.
Why is this happening?
Because you can't even let me pack my own suitcase.
All right, see ya. Have fun.
Hey.
Where are you going?
Just a sec.
Mom?
Don't worry. I'm not packing heat.
Hey, Brandi, would you scoot a little?
Just scoot. Thank you.
Hi.
What are you doing?
I'll be quick.
Brandi, I'm sorry for the way I treated you.
It was uncalled for and childish, and it won't happen again.
I have built up a lot of anger towards you, both of you,
and I realize now that I just can't carry that around anymore,
so apology or no apology,
I'm moving on.
Mrs. Mayer?
Brandi.
Brandi, get in the car.
Mrs. Mayer.
Please, call me Susan.
I just wanted you to know
what happened between me and Karl, things got out of hand
because I thought your marriage was over.
Anyway, I just wanted you to know I'm sorry. I really am.
Thank you.
And though it came from an unexpected source,
Susan finally got the apology she'd always wanted.
Hey. Let me take those.
You're wearing a really big hat.
Yes, I am.
Listen, the kids are watching a video,
which means that we've got only about 45 minutes
until they actually find nemo,
so I suggest that we make the most of it.
By reliving your night out with the guys?
Lynette...
I'm trying.
You look...
ridiculous in that thing.
Sexy ridiculous?
Maybe.
I can live...
with maybe.
Oh.
You know, it's going to take more than just this one night.
I know.
Ah.
Looks like we have an audience.
Let 'em look.
As long as they don't try and cut in.
Dr. Goldfine.
Bree. We're not scheduled now, are we?
I didn't have time to make an appointment.
Rex moved out today.
Oh, I'm very sorry to hear that,
but unfortunately, I'm completely booked right now.
I don't need much time.
It just seems that you have more insight into my situation
than I do, and I just think --
Bree, we can't talk now.
If you could just tell me what he told you, then I could fix the problem.
I can't do that.
It's completely unethical.
Well, why can't you --
that's my next appointment.
You really need to go.
Dr. Goldfine, please.
Hold on.
I'll go and talk to my client.
Bree searched for Rex's audiotape hoping to find answers.
She found answers, all right,
but to entirely different questions.
I understand completely.
I'll - I'll be out in just a minute.
Bree, I'm - I'm sorry. He can't wait,
but I can see you first thing in the morning - 8:00.
8:00.
Sorry to interupt.
Bye.
Yes, I remember the world --every detail.
And what I remember most is how afraid I was.
What a waste.
You see, to live in fear is not to live at all.
I wish I could tell this to those I left behind,
but would it do any good?
Probably not.
I understand now --
there will always be those who face their fears...
and there will always be those who run away.
Subtitles by Zzzwww, BIgmac & RaceMan
Previously on "desperate housewives,"
Susan played with fire...
that's not my cup.
And could get burned.
Go to a spa or go shopping.
Find a way to relax.
Gabrielle...
Get here as fast as you can.
...found herself a playmate.
Lynette couldn't get her kids to stop playing.
Ma'am, you know why I pulled you over?
Yeah, I have a theory.
If I don't start getting some sleep pretty soon,
I'll be forced to move back
upstairs out of sheer exhaustion.
And Bree played hardball.
Everyone has a little dirty laundry.
When I was alive, I maintained
many different identities --
lover, wife, and ultimately, victim.
Yes, labels are important to the living.
They dictate how people see themselves,
like my friend Lynette.
She used to see herself as a career woman,
and a hugely successful one at that.
She was known for her power lunches,
her eye-catching presentations,
and her ruthlessness in wiping out the competition.
But Lynette gave up her career to assume a new label --
the incredibly satisfying role of full-time mother.
Scavo residence.
Yes, this is me.
But unfortunately for Lynette,
this new label frequently fell
short of what was advertised.
How in the world did they...
I left the door to the art supply
cupboard open for five minutes.
That's all.
Five minutes.
The little girl --
why didn't she say anything?
Your boys work quickly.
Well...obviously, they will
be punished for this - severely.
I hesitate bringing this up, since
you got so ugly about it last time...
they don't have attention-deficit disorder,
and I'm not going to drug my boys
just to make your job easier.
I'd rather change teachers.
The boys are in my class because I'm
the only teacher who can handle them.
What if we separate the twins?
Put them in different classes?
They're much calmer when they're
not bouncing off one another.
We can try that.
But if it doesn't work, we may
no longer be able to accommodate them.
It suddenly occurred to Lynette
her label was about to change yet again...
come on.
And for the next few years,
she would be known as...
the mother of the boys who
painted tiffany axelrod blue.
Episode 4 : Who's that Woman?
It looked to be an interesting
afternoon on wisteria lane.
A mysterious cassette tape
had been discovered by my friend Bree.
She had stolen it from her marriage counselor,
a counselor I'd once spoken to
in strictest confidence.
So how have you been?
I had the nightmare again.
It's so weird to hear Mary Alice.
Still the same one.
Yes, but this time, I was standing in a river,
and I saw the girl under the water, and she
kept screaming "Angela" over and over again.
So what do you think the significance
of the name Angela is?
Actually, that's my real name.
Her real name?
That doesn't make any sense.
I've seen her driver's license.
It did not say Angela.
Bree, what does it say on the rest of the tape?
Just more about her nightmares
and this girl she was afraid of.
So what the hell do we do now?
I think we should show Paul the note.
Are you sure? He's going to freak.
Well, it's now or never.
I mean, I saw what he's asking for the place.
It's going to sell quickly.
Can I say something?
I'm glad Paul's moving.
Gabby.
I'm sorry. He's just always given me the creeps.
Haven't you guys noticed
he has this dark thing going on?
There's something about him that just feels...
malignant?
Yes.
We've all sort of felt it.
That being said, I do love
what he's done with that lawn.
Mom, the dish is clean.
Huh? Oh.
I still don't understand why you don't just
ask him out on an official date date.
Oh, I'm trying a new strategy.
I'm playing hard to get.
How long do you think you can keep that up?
Oh, maybe until noon.
Then I'm going to have to run over
there and beg him to love me.
Uh, mom,
I don't think you're going
to be able to wait that long.
You got to be kidding.
She washed her car yesterday.
oh, no, she's not.
Yep. She's bringing out the big guns.
you'd better get over there.
She's wearing cotton.
What am I supposed to say to Mike --
"I saw you half-naked,
and I thought I'd drop by"?
What's that?
A piece of Mike's junk mail we got by mistake.
I held onto it in case of an emergency.
God bless you.
Hi.
Hey, Susan.
got this by mistake.
Oh, thanks.
I hope it's not important.
I don't know. It's just a promotion for the rialto.
They're having a film festival.
Oh.
Well,
guess I've done my good deed for the day.
I'll just head back home.
Bye.
Hey, you like old movies?
I love old movies. Ha.
I hate Susan Mayer.
Every time I see those big doe eyes of hers,
I swear to god, I just want to
go out and shoot a deer.
What has she done this time?
She is out there throwing herself
at Mike Delfino - again.
Susan likes Mike?
Where the hell have you been, martha?
She's been lusting after him
ever since he moved in.
I got your message.
What's going on?
The boys refuse to be separated.
They refuse?
They're 6 years old. Make them.
Well, school regulations are pretty strict
about me wrestling with the boys.
But if you want to give it a shot...
be my guest.
Fine.
Which one goes and which one stays?
You pick.
No!
You need to be in separate classrooms.
But we want to be in the same one!
Honey, come on now.
Stop it. Let go! No!
We're going to take the whole table! At's right!
No. Come on now. I mean it!
I love taking baths, especially with you.
It's like taking a vacation from the world.
I hated taking baths when I was a kid.
Of course, back then, the only thing I had
to play with was my rubber ducky.
Oh.
Who's that?
It's Mr. Solis.
Relax. Carlos is at work,
and he doesn't ring the doorbell.
It's the cable guy.
He's three hours late.
Use the side entrance.
Gabrielle knew her vacation
from the world had ended.
What she didn't know was
John had left behind a souvenir.
I'm telling you, dad didn't
come home last night.
They had a fight - a bad one.
How bad?
Like divorce court bad.
Listen to her.
She always overcompensates
when she's worried.
If dad moves out and leaves us with her,
I'll lose my mind.
Ah.
Dinner is on the table.
Mom, where'd dad go last night?
He got a last-minute call to speak
at a medical conference in Philadelphia.
Take your seats.
This marriage is so over.
Andrew?
Again, sorry I was late.
The scheduler overbooked me.
How long are you going to be?
Almost done.
What is that scent?
Is that sage and citrus?
It's amazing.
Try to hurry. I have stuff to do.
Come on.
Aah!
What's happening?
The cable guy fell.
He hit his head on the tub.
He may have a concussion.
It's almost 8:00.
He was late.
Mrs. Huber.
Hello, Susan. I made you a pie.
Oh, wow. Why?
Do I need a motive to do something nice?
I can't wait for you to try this. It's mincemeat.
Actually, I just had dinner.
That's okay. You can save it for later.
What's so funny?
I was just thinking of that expression
"I'll make mincemeat out of you."
Mincemeat - used to be an entrap
made up of mostly chopped meat,
so it was like saying
"I'll chop you up into little bits."
But that was centuries ago.
Today, mincemeat is mostly made up
of fruit, spices, and rum.
There's no meat in it, and still people say
"I'll make mincemeat out of you."
I don't know that people really say that anymore.
I do.
So, Susan, how are you?
I'm fine.
G ood.
You know, I have a confession to make.
I've always wished I'd have been
more supportive when carl left you.
Oh, you don't have to apologize about carl.
Really, carl and I are over. I've moved on.
Yes, I know. You've moved on
to that nice Mike Delfino.
He's quite a catch, isn't he?
You like him, don't you?
Uh, sure, as a friend.
Oh, Susan.
Being coy is a strategy best employed
by virgins at their first dance.
For women of our age, it's just annoying.
Are you sure you don't want pie?
No, thank you.
I hope it works out with you and Mike.
You've been so desperate to land him.
What do you --
I am not desperate.
Oh, good lord, Susan, you burned
your rival's house down.
If that isn't desperate, I don't know what is.
Mrs. Huber, with all
due respect, you're crazy.
What's that?
I think you recognize it.
I found it in the ruins of Edie's home.
Well, that's not --
shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
My point is this --
I wasn't there for you when carl left,
but I'm here for you now.
As far as I'm concerned, this is our secret,
and no one ever need know.
Oh, Susan...
you don't know how good it feels
to finally be able to help you.
You look so pale.
Now, I insist you try some of my pie.
Go on.
Did I mention it's mincemeat?
open the door, please.
Hang on.
What?
May I come in?
No.
Well, I want to talk to you.
Then talk.
Where were you last night?
Brian's.
I just spoke to brian's mother.
Now tell me again where you were last night,
and this time, don't lie to me.
Where'd you say dad was again?
In Philadelphia?
Andrew, don't change the subject.
I'm sorry. I-I thought
the subject was telling lies.
I called dad's cell phone.
I know he moved out.
Well, it's just temporary, and --
I thought it would upset you,
so I was protecting you.
Whatever.
You lied, so stop pretending like you have
some sort of moral authority.
Andrew, just because I chose not to share
my marital problems with you
does not give you the right to be rude.
How about driving my father away?
Do I get to be rude then?
Hi.
What's this?
That's a sock.
It's a man's sock.
I found it under our bed.
It's not mine.
Oh, for god's sakes, Carlos, it's yao lin's.
Our maid wears size 13 gym socks?
No, she dusts with them.
See?
Socks instead of rags.
Susan, hello.
Mrs. Huber.
Did you and Mike come together?
I saw him over in the fresh produce aisle.
No, like I told you before, we're just friends.
Oh.
By the way, if I didn't make it clear yesterday,
I absolutely did not do
that thing you accused me of.
Hey, Susan.
Hey, Ms. Huber.
Nice to see you, Mike.
Hey.
You like alfred hitchcock?
They're doing a retrospective down at the rialto.
Uh...
I'm not really a fan.
Oh, come on. How can you not like hitchcock?
I just, uh... don't. Ha ha.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, uh, nice to see you.
You too, Ms. Huber.
You're so silly.
Pretending not to like him on my account --
I mean, really.
Will you just drop it?
You shouldn't be rude to me, Susan.
Your secret is not an easy burden to bear.
That insurance company is putting Edie through hell,
but still, I've said nothing.
Well - and the longer it takes for her to get payment,
the longer she'll be staying with me,
eating me out of house and home,
using up my hot water.
What exactly is it you want from me, Mrs. Huber?
Uh, are these together?
Ring it up.
If the school and the pediatrician both
think the twins could stand to be medicated,
then what's the problem?
I used to run a company with 85 people,
and now I can't wrangle three
small boys without doping them.
Talk about feeling like a failure.
Lynette, you are a great mother,
but let's face it, your kids are...
a challenge.
Thank you.
That's the nicest way you could have said that.
You know, the truth is, when they're not
making me want to tear my hair out,
they're actually really sweet.
I'm afraid if I change the bad stuff,
I'm going to change the good stuff.
Yeah, it's a tough call.
Like this mug.
I love this mug.
If I medicate them, are they still
going to make me a mug like this?
You know, it's leaking.
Yeah, I know.
We talked to Paul. We told him
we need to show him something.
He's on his way over.
Thank you.
So, Paul, we noticed that you're selling the house.
Yes, uh, too many painful memories.
I'm sure you understand.
Well, before you move, we thought
there was something you should know.
It seems there may be more to Mary
Alice's death than you were aware of.
Oh?
Remember when you asked us to pack her things?
Well, when we did, we found a note.
And we think that you should have it.
You can see from the postmark Mary Alice
probably got it the day she died.
Paul, are you going to be okay?
No.
Have you always cleaned with socks?
Yes.
What is that, a japanese thing?
I am chinese.
I don't like lying.
Yeah, well, I don't like your ironing, so there.
Mrs. Solis, what are you doing here?
Carlos found this under the bed.
Oh, crap.
It's okay. It was a close call,
but I managed to cover.
I got you these. So from now on,
we can't let Carlos see you around the house
wearing anything resembling a gym sock.
You want me to mow your lawn in sandals?
Mm-hmm.
I could lose a toe.
Imagine what you would lose if Carlos finds out
you're trimming more than the hedges.
Uh, yeah.
Why are your friends staring at me?
Did you tell them about us?
No.
They're staring 'cause they think you're hot.
Oh.
Okay.
It's 9:30. What is your brother thinking?
Want my advice?
Call Dad. Go tell him to kick Andrew's ass.
I am perfectly capable of handling
this without your father.
Sorry.
Where's your cell phone?
Call Andrewand find out wre he is.
Mom, he's going to know you're behind this.
No, he won't. Just act normal.
Hey, it's me.
Uh, what's going on?
He knows.
Andrew, this is your mother.
I am rapidly reaching the end of my patience with you.
Where are you?
Are you at a bar?
Andrew.
Andrew?
Mom?
He hung up on me.
What are you going to do?
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah! Works for me!
Shake it, baby!
Over here!
Heath.
Lan.
Andrew.
Mom, how did you even know I was here?
You went in my room?
You think that's bad?
Tomorrow morning, I'm cleaning it.
Oh, by the way, Heath, I didn't get a chance
to tell you, that was a lovely solo last week at church.
Thank you.
W-we're out of here.
I hope it wasn't something I said.
Well, Andrew...
shall we?
You just humiliated me inront of my friends.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
Fine.
What are you doing?
I'm staying for the show.
I'm dying to see what all the fuss is about.
Uh, excuse me, waitress, I'll have a glass
of your house chardonnay.
Yes, ma'am.
I-I'm curious, Andrew, as you fantasize about this woman,
do you ever stop and think how she came to be on this runway?
That's someone's little girl,
and that someone probably had a lot of dreams for her,
dreams that did not include a thong and a pole.
It's not going to work, okay?
I'm not budging.
God only knows what she's had to deal with in her life --
abject poverty, drugs, domestic violence,
maybe even molestation.
Mom.
And now she treats herself the way other men treat her --
like an object, a piece of meat.
That does it.
Kid, get her out of here.
She's killing it for the rest of us.
We're not here. Leave a message.
It's Mrs. Huber, Susan. Are you there?
I can see your lights are on.
I hope you're not screening. That's so tacky.
Listen, I need to talk to you.
My water heater just burst, and it's going to cost me
$600 to get a new one, and I can't afford that.
I'm just beside myself.
Call me as soon as you get in.
Julie, Julie, honey, wake up.
We need to talk.
Can't this wait until morning?
I think I'm being blackmailed.
And when I realized I couldn't
put out the fire, I ran.
I must have dropped the measuring cup in the process.
Mm. Why do I even let you out of the house?
Obviously, I can't let her get away with this.
The only thing to do is go to the police
and tell them what happened.
You can't do that.
Julie, I don't think they'll throw me in jail.
I mean, it was an accident.
Dad won't care if it was an accident.
You know he'll just use this
as an excuse to reopen custody.
Mom...
I don't want to live with dad.
I know.
I need to talk to you.
Cool. Sure.
You were working tuesday, right?
Yeah.
You remember the cable guy showing up?
And you usually work till what time - 5:00?
Yeah.
Damn it.
It means he was in the house for four hours.
Wait, um... you know,
now that I think about it,
I might not have seen him.
Well, either you saw him
or you didn't. Which is it?
I didn't.
John...
did my wife ask you to lie for her?
Mr. Solis, uh...
I really don't want to get
in the middle of anything.
Thank you.
That's all I needed to know.
Okay, let's run through it one more time.
Mom, it's not brain surgery.
You'll stand guard while I crawl
through Mrs. Huber's doggie door.
Once inside, I'll find the measuring cup. Simple.
Mm, god. I hate that I'm turning
you into a little thief.
It's our measuring cup. We're
just taking back what's ours.
Hey, that's right.
Ethically, we have nothing to be ashamed about.
Oh, wear these.
I don't want you to leave fingerprints.
There she goes.
Okay, move.
Oh, so glad to be playing frisbee again.
Here you go. Coming at you.
All right, back up a little more.
There you go.
Whoo! All right, here we go.
Oh, my! Whoops! Ha.
You better go get that. Yeah.
Mike.
Hey, Susan. I thought that was you.
Uh, yeah. Julie and I are just out tossing the frisbee around,
and it flew off into Mrs. Huber's backyard.
Oh, you need some help?
No. No, no, no.
Uh, Julie's got it.
Okay. Actually, I'm glad I ran into you.
I just wanted to make sure that
things were okay between us.
The other day, you seemed kind of distant.
Distant? What do you mean?
I mean, you're not mad at me
for some reason, are you?
No.
No, no, not at all.
Good. So I'm going to take one more shot at this.
I got tickets for a billy wilder retrospective
wednesday night. I'd love to take you with me.
You are so sweet. I would love to go.
All right.
Edie. I thought you'd be at work.
I'm not feeling well.
I got a sunburn the other day washing my car.
Well, don't just run off.
Come and hang out with us.
Boy, you are one sick ticket.
What?
It's not bad enough that I have to watch you
throw yourself at him every day,
and now you want to make sure
that I see it up close and personal?
No, it's not like that.
I've got to take off, but I'll call you
about wednesday night, okay?
Edie, wait.
Mike and I were going to go see the movies on wednesday,
and I just thought it would be fun if you joined us.
You want me to come with you?
Yeah. Yeah, that's okay, isn't it, Mike?
Well, it's, uh, a limited engagement,
and it's sold out. I've only got two tickets.
Edie, wait.
Um... you should take my ticket.
Really?
Is that okay with you, Mike?
Uh... yeah, sure.
So, um...
what time do you want to pick me up?
Well, um...
Hang on.
Ooh.
You think you can have sex with anyone you want, huh?
Carlos couldn't help but feel proud of himself.
After all, he'd just defended his honor.
Or had he?
Are you gay?
Yes. Is that why you're doing this?
Uh, yeah.
I'm going to call everyone and be like,
"can you buy some chocolates?"
Ladies.
Hey, Paul. What's up?
I wanted to apologize for my outburst yesterday.
Don't worry about it.
We unloaded a lot on you.
I suppose you're wondering why I
reacted so violently to that note.
Itid cross our minds.
Well, the truth is
Mary Alice was not a well perN.
She was very troubled.
Troubled?
At first, it was harmless.
She would leave herself notes,
reminders like "pick up the milk" or "Zach has a dentist appointment."
But over time, the notes became ugly.
Hateful messages started showing up.
Mary alice was writing them
to me, to Zach, to herself.
Really?
That's why I lost it.
I was reminded of what Zach
and I had been through.
Paul, I'm so sorry.
We had no idea.
No.
Well, anyway, uh, I'd appreciate it
if you kept this to yourselves.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
For Zach's sake.
Of course, of course.
Yeah. Okay.
Bye.
Wow.
Yeah.
I think he's lying.
So do I.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
You - you didn't get me!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Bang! Bang!
Boys, could you get in here, please?
He broke my plane.
Did not.
We'll talk about that later.
Right now, I need you to take some medicine.
Are we sick?
Not exactly. This is a special kind of medicine.
It's - it's like a vitamin,
and you'll take it every day, okay?
Okay.
Oops.
Stay right there
Now open up.
Mnh-mnh.
Here, you --
no way.
Guy- here.
No.
Mnh-mnh.
In that moment, Lynette made a decision.
When it came to dealing with her children,
medication was no longer an option.
Of course, given her continuing level of frustration,
Lynette also felt a little self-medication couldn't hurt.
So what's your strategy?
Are you just never going to speak to me again?
Something like that.
I suppose I do owe you an apology.
Careful. Wouldn't want you
to strain yourself.
I shouldn't have lied to you about your father.
You and your sister are old enough to
handle the truth, and I'm sorry.
Keep going.
I'm mad at you for about 7,000 other things.
If you tnk I'm going to apologize for taking you
out of a strip club, you're wrong.
I consider it one of my finestoments.
Oh, Andrew.
I know you blame me for what's
happening with your father, but...
it's not entirely my fault,
and I need you to understand that.
I do.
I just... I don't want him to leave.
Neither do I.
Mom?
Yeah?
When can I have my door back?
Three months.
Royal oaks was the scene of a hate crime today
when jonathan lisco, local gay activist
and part-time female impersonator,
was brutally attacked in his home.
Lisco speculated the attack was in response to his efforts
to secure same-sex partner insurance coverage
from his employer cliffside cable.
Police are circulating this sketch of the assailant.
I have to say, you know, certain acts
just speak for themselves.
I've taken a strong stand
with my company... is there something
you want to ask me?
No.
You took it, didn't you?
Good evening, Mrs. Huber.
It's my own fault for not hiding the cup.
Obviously, if you're capable of arson,
I should have known you'd be capable
of breaking and entering.
I don't know what you're talking about, Mrs. Huber.
I suppose you destroyed it.
Again, I don't know what you're
talking about, but, yeah. I did.
I was going to keep your secret.
It's a shame you couldn't trust me.
You're a piece of work.
You know that?
Oh, Susan, let's not be unpleasant.
We can go back to the same
friendly relationship we've always had.
I will keep my lawn looking nice,
and I will make sure that
my music isn't played too loud,
and if I get some of your mail,
heck, I'll run it right over,
'cause that's what good neighbors do.
But from now on, when I run into you on the street
and I say "good morning, Mrs. Huber,"
or "how are you, Mrs.Huber?"
Just know that inside, I am quietly
but decidedly hating your guts.
Careful, dear.
Let's not say things we'll live to regret.
Good evening, Mrs. Huber.
He actually said Mary Alice was crazy?
Not in so many words, but everything Paul said
certainly made it seem like she was schizophrenic.
I think he's hiding something. I know it.
But wait. What about the tape?
I mean, she did say that her name was Angela.
Mary Alice was not crazy.
Well, my father was a prosecutor,
and he always said that the simplest
explanation was usually the right one.
But remember what the note said --
"I know what you did. It makes me sick,
and I'm going to tell."
That's not the kind of thing
someone writes to themselves.
That's a message sent by an enemy.
So exactly what is it you hired me to do?
It's very simple, really --
someone sent that note to my wife,
and I need to know who.
What type of person would send such a note?
Was it an enemy?
Of course.
But what kind?
An acquaintance?
A stranger?
Or how about...
a neighbor that lives a few feet away?
Subs by Zzzwww, Bigmac
Previously on "desperate housewives"
the boys are in my class because I'm the
only teacher who can handle them.
We may no longer be able to accommodate them.
Ultimatums were made...
She used this to kill herself.
Why would you keep it?
Questions were asked...
Are you okay?
I think he's hiding something.
And lots of evidence
was uncovered.
Exactly what is it you've hired me to do?
Someone sent that note to my wife,
and I need to know who.
You like Alfred Hitchcock?
I found it in the ruins of Edie's home.
I found it under our bed. It's not mine.
Talk about dirty laundry.
Every neighborhood has a woman like Alberta Frome,
and every woman like Mrs. Frome has a cat.
When she traveled, Mrs. Frome would arrange
for friends to look after her beloved pet.
This time, however, she was forced to
ask her neighbor Susan Mayer.
Mrs. Frome liked Susan,
but it was common knowledge on Wisteria Lane
where Susan Mayer went,
bad luck was sure to follow.
Her misfortunes ranged from the commonplace...
to the unusual...
To the truly bizarre.
As she waved goodbye, she worried that
Susan's streak of bad luck would continue.
For that matter, so did her cat.
Mr. Whiskers.
Kitty.
Dinner time.
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
That's weird.
Cats can't open drawers, can they?
Are you sure you didn't leave
them open this morning?
No way.
Wow.
Do you think somebody broke in?
Mr. Whiskers?!
Mr. Whiskers?!
Mr. Whiskers?!
Mr. Whiskers?!
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty!
Oh, please don't let anything happen to
that cat. Mrs. Frome will kill me.
Mr. Whiskers?!
Though she didn't know it at the time,
Susan's luck...
had finally started to change.
Episode 5 : Come in, Stranger
News that an intruder had breached the security
of Wisteria Lane spread like wildfire.
At a neighborhood watch meeting the next night,
residents voiced their concerns over the
increasing dangers their community faced.
Mrs. Ida Greenberg announced someone
was looking through her bathroom window
whenever she took a shower.
Bob Fisk warned those present that
an unnamed government agency
was listening in on their phone conversations.
Helen vale spoke of a ruthless local
teenage gang that had egged her minivan.
There are three factors that contribute to...
the evening concluded with Officer Thompson
offering safety tips and a plan of action.
But opportunity, you have some control over,
so you can sign up for either daily or nightly patrols.
And I know that might seem like overkill,
but I guarantee regular surveillance will deter
even the most determined criminal.
So are there any other questions?
All right, then. Let's be careful out there.
Actually, I do have a question.
Do you have a second?
Sure. How can I help?
Um, I'm the one who discovered the break-in,
and I think I found some evidence.
Evidence?
I think this is a screwdriver
left behind by the burglar,
and I didn't touch it.
Well, why didn't you give this
to the investigating officers?
I tried, and they sort of laughed at me,
because apparently, nothing was
taken from Mrs. Frome's house.
Well, I apologize for that.
That was totally unprofessional.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So you think it should be dusted for prints?
Yes, and I'll make sure it gets done.
Great.
Bye.
& nbsp;
Boys, stop it. Go to bed.
But we're not tired.
Well, at least go upstairs.
Hey, look.
Gimme!
Oh, oh, oh.
Gimme!
Oh - go!
Go, go!
Bye, bye!
Good night!
No, I want them!
Give me them! Give me them!
Hey, I want them!
So why weren't you sitting with Mike tonight?
I thought you two were becoming an item.
I sort of thought so, too.
I'm getting a lot of mixed signals.
I'll tell you who wasn't giving mixed signals
was that sexy officer Thompson.
He was staring at you all night.
You noticed that?
Honey, trust me - when they're
not staring at me, I notice.
I really do appreciate you guys staying and helping.
Oh, please. I would have hosted it myself,
but the kids are going to the mountains tomorrow, and there's camping equipment everywhere.
It's nice of you, and
since we're talking, there's something
else nice that I'd like you to do.
Your kids both went to Barcliff Academy, didn't they?
Yes.
We need you to recommend Porter and Preston.
We can't even get an interview.
Oh, you, um, want me to recommend the twins?
Yes. You can tell them how beautifully behaved the boys are.
So you want me to lie.
Yeah. I thought that was understood.
Well, it's just that I'm very
well-respected at Barcliff,
and, um, my word won't be good there anymore.
Yes, but by the time they realize
their mistake, we'll be in.
You're not having any more kids.
What do you care?
Well, I had hoped someday to get
my grandchildren into Barcliff,
but I suppose that doesn't matter to you, does it?
It really doesn't.
Leave it alone.
You've got to get rid of it.
Doesn't it bother you?
I said leave it alone.
No! No,
you can't stop me.
Paul and Zach are fighting again.
That's the second time this week.
They never used to fight like that
when Mary Alice was alive.
It's a shame. They used to be such a happy family.
Just because you didn't hear them fighting
doesn't mean they were happy.
The next day, as residents began to patrol Wisteria
Lane in the hopes of foiling potential burglars,
Gabrielle was about to experience
a home invasion of her own.
Mama Solis.
What are - what are you doing here?
I came to visit my son and daughter-in-law.
What does it look like?
Does Carlos know you're coming?
No. He likes to be surprised.
Now come.
Gabrielle... come.
Family should always hug...
Regardless of how they feel about each other.
Wow, uh, she's a beauty.
Uh, 30-footer?
32.
Sweet. I sail.
I've - I've got a flying scot.
Well, we have several yachting enthusiasts
here at barcliff academy,
and I'd be happy to introduce them to you.
Well, that sounds great.
That's wonderful.
If we decide to enroll your children.
To be honest, Mr. And Mrs. Scavo,
your children's educational background is
a bit more common than we would prefer,
but Mrs. Van de Kamp mentioned
that they were identical twins.
Yes. Completely identical.
You can't tell them apart. They're like bookends.
We do strive for diversity here at Barcliff.
Identical twins could make for an interesting addition.
The boys are fascinating.
They even have their own twin
secret language. Don'they, Tom?
Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty scary.
Well, it's not really so much
scary as highly developed.
Y-yeah, they - they bark and growl at each other.
I'm sorry, Tom. Mr. Lenz was
trying to say something.
Sorry. Go ahead, Mr. Lenz.
I'd love to meet these twins of yours.
I tell you what - I'm going to put
them on our must-meet list.
Terrific.
Thank you so much.
What is a must-meet list?
We bring them in for observation.
Observation?
Mm-hmm. To see how they play
with the other children,
how they respond to authority.
That sort of thing.
Great.
That sounds wonderful.
Hey.
Hi.
Kids ready?
Almost.
Thanks again for driving them to the bus.
Happy to do it.
I miss them.
Did you hear there was a break-in
at Mrs. Frome's the other night?
Yeah. I heard they didn't take anything.
Well, that doesn't make it any less frightening.
I mean, he could have been a sexual predator.
Oh, and he ended up at Mrs. Frome's?
Boy, that would have been a lose-lose situation.
Rex. That's not the point.
The point is I don't feel safe, and I was
wondering if you could spend the night.
You're in the NRA. You own, like, four guns.
If somebody broke in, I'd expect you to protect me.
Rex, the truth is, with the kids gone,
I'll be all by myself in this house
for the first time in 17 years.
Honey, I know it's hard to hear, but the
marriage counseling might not work out.
You need to get used to being alone.
You're right. That was hard to hear.
What are you doing?
That is for the kids' trip.
Oh, come on.
I'm - I'm staying at a motel.
I haven't had a decent meal in weeks.
Honey, the marriage counseling might not work out.
You need to get used to bad cooking.
Hey.
Screwdriver girl.
I just came by to tell you that I took
your evidence into the lab for fingerprints.
Oh, really? That's great.
So I'll call you if I hear something.
Okay.
Ooh!
Sorry.
Thanks.
Um, actually, I'd like to call you anyway,
if - if that's okay.
Oh.
You seem like a really sweet guy
in an interesting line of work,
but I am not really available.
Oh. Oh. You have a boyfriend?
Yeah, sort of.
Sort of.
It's hard to explain... even to myself.
Unit 23, we have a 907a in progress at Stone and Maple. Please respond.
10-4. I'm on my way.
I got to go.
Apparently, there's a hostage situation.
Oh, wow.
So you're really turning me down.
Boy, my self-esteem can't take this.
I'm sorry.
No, it's just now my ability to help
those hostages has been compromised.
Still, don't - don't blame yourself
for what might happen.
Blame myself.
Yeah, well, it's just hard to rescue folks
when you don't feel good about yourself.
Aah, they'll probably all die anyway.
Okay, fine. I'll go out with you.
Great. I'll call you.
Now that you've gotten your date, you can tell
me what that really means - that 907a.
Someone's tv was playing too loud.
Well, thank god for the thin blue line.
I'll call you.
Ooh! Oh.
I'll be outside doing my yoga.
I'll be right back.
Do you have to do that now? My mother's here.
Hey, I'm not going to stop my life just because she
decides to show up - unannounced, I might add.
She's family. She doesn't need an invitation.
Yeah, well, whatever. It's rude.
That's real pretty, mama.
You were always good with your hands.
So, mijo, I assume you didn't insist
that I travel 2,000 miles for small talk.
So why am I here?
She...
is unhappy.
Mm-hmm.
I've given her everything she ever wanted,
but it doesn't seem to make a difference,
and I feel her drifting further and further away.
And lately I've started thinking that maybe...
so you think she's cheating on you?
I think so.
We can talk about your problems,
but I'm not going to have any of that.
Si.
Do you have any proof?
No, it's - it's just a feeling.
I had that feeling with your father and that
whore waitress, and I was right.
Always trust your feelings.
So what do I do?
You don't do anything.
I'll take care of it.
Thank you, mama.
I'm sorry I had to hit you,
but we're strong people, and
we don't cry about our problems.
We find ways to fix them.
While the residentsof Wisteria Lane kept up their
patrols in an effort to prevent future break-ins,
Lynette hatched a plan to break her
children into Barcliff Academy.
Boys?
Wake up.
Come on.
We're going to have some fun today.
Come on.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hi.
Come on, I bet you can beat me!
Come on!
Go, go, go! Come on!
Yes, yes - mush, doggies,
mush! Mush, mush, mush!
Mom, I'm tired. How long do we have to do this?
Hey, if I can still see your head,
the pool's not deep enough.
Are your boys usually so docile?
They're always a little shy at first.
Look at that concentration.
Porter loves his puzzles.
Hmm.
Mama, I'll be right back.
I'm going to the store.
Gabrielle.
I'm coming with you.
I want to make some tamales for Carlos.
No, no, Juanita, I'm not going to the supermarket.
I'm going to the lingerie store.
Good. I need some bras.
I'm going to be a while.
I might get a facial.
I have a face.
Hey, Mike.
Hey. How's it going?
Good, good.
Just came by to say hello.
Hello.
So you remember the cop from the
neighborhood watch meeting?
Uh, he agreed to run a fingerprint check on the
screwdriver I found at Mrs. Frome's house.
He did?
Nothing was taken.
But still, somebody broke in.
It is a crime.
So the weird thing is the cop
asked me out on a date.
Oh?
And I sort of said yes.
I was just curious what you thought about that.
You're asking my permission to go out with him?
No, no, I just, uh...
was wondering your opinion.
I don't really have one.
Okay.
Great. Fine.
Thank you.
Susan, wait, wait. I --
look, I'm sorry.
My life is just...
really complicated right now.
You don't have to explain.
No, Susan.
It's complicated. I get it.
Paul?
Paul.
Oh,
hi, Zachary. I'm sorry. The door was open, and --
it's okay. You can come in.
Is your, uh, father here? We were
scheduled to do a patrol today.
He had to go out of town - again.
Oh.
Well, I guess I can do it by myself.
Wow.
This place is just immaculate.
My mom liked things clean.
Zach, she would be very proud of you.
What happened to your varnish?
That's where my mother died.
I messed up the floor trying to get out the blood.
Oh.
I'll let my dad know that you stopped by.
Okay.
Zach...
do you have plans for dinner?
So you shop a lot, huh?
Yeah. So?
Most women that shop a lot, it's because
they don't have anything better to do.
What's your point?
Well, if you had children...
here we go.
I'm just saying that children give your life a purpose.
You get so busy taking care of them that you
don't have any time to wonder if you're happy.
You know, Juanita, this is so like you.
I invite you on a nice shopping trip,
and you find ways to upset me.
Oh, you didn't invite me.
I invited myself.
You keep looking at your watch.
Is there someplace you have to be?
No!
You know, and for the record,
I am not one of those women who has a hole in her
heart that can only be filled by a baby.
I like my life a lot.
It's very fulfilling.
Excuse my daughter-in-law. She's very fulfilled.
So he just blew you off?
I told him another man asked me out.
It was the perfect opportunity for Mike
to be jealous, and nothing.
Did you bat your eyes?
You know, it doesn't work if you don't bat your eyes.
Honey, I batted everything that wasn't nailed down.
I'm telling you, nothing.
Oh, thanks.
So what's going on there?
Mm.
Gophers.
Wow.
Listen, I'm sorry about Mike.
I know how much you like him.
Aah, maybe it's my fault.
Maybe I just imagined an entire relationship
with this man that didn't exist.
There has been flirting. I have seen it.
Yeah, and the flirting made me think that he was kind
and trustworthy and honest and hygienic.
That's how it is with me - a guy just
smiles at me three times,
and I'm picking out wedding china. I'm a mess.
But to be fair, that's part of your charm.
That's what happened with Carl.
I only dated him a couple of months,
I filled in the blanks, I married him.
It was a disaster.
You think Mike is a carl in disguise?
I don't know.
What does that mean, anyway,
"my life is complicated"?
If I wanted to sit around and wait for nothing,
I could do it on the can. You're late.
What's with the face?
I screwed up.
I broke into the Frome's house
and almost got caught.
What's almost?
I accidentally left something
behind with my prints on it.
Did you ever hear of gloves?
It's the suburbs.
I didn't think it'd matter.
Anyway, the police are running
a check, and I'm in the system.
I got to pull up stakes before
they come looking for me.
That's a sweet sound --
laughter like that, huh?
Pisses me off.
If and when your cover is blown, you disappear.
Until then,
you keep fixing the neighbors' pipes.
The more time I spend in this town,
the more I think we're making a mistake.
These are nice people.
My money says one of them isn't.
Whoa.
Thanks.
No more screwups.
I'm getting something to drink.
Do you want something?
Shh.
Look, don't be mad.
I waited at that motel for three hours for you.
I had to use a month's worth of lunch
money to pay for that room.
It's not my fault.
Juanita hasn't let me out of her
sight since she's gotten here.
Really?
Well, I don't see her now.
She's watching her Mexican soap opera.
The rebel's virgin daughter's about to be
seduced by the escaped despedo.
So until she puts out...
Juanita won't even know that I'm gone.
Come on. I said I was sorry.
You know, just so you know,
I've turned down half the pep squad for you.
You can't be serious.
No.
You know, I'm starting to think that
maybe I should be with someone my own age.
Well, I thought teenage girls bored you, John.
I thought what we had was beyond that.
So did I.
So then why do you want to go back
to something you don't want?
I don't know.
Maybe you're tired of me.
No.
I want to be with you.
Then why are we arguing?
Gabrielle!
Damn it!
The virgin gave it up already?
I want you so bad.
When can I see you again?
Tomorrow.
Meet me at the front entrance
of the mall after school.
What about your mother-in-law?
Don't worry.
I'll think of something.
Gabrielle! Gabrielle!
Coming!
A donation? Now Barcliff wants a donation?
Apparently we're in competition
with one other family.
A generous donation will ensure
our kids beat them out.
How generous?
$15,000.
We don't have that.
And that's what I told them.
So what do we do?
Public school is out unless
we move to a new district.
We're not moving.
Maybe it's time that we look into homeschooling.
I know you did not just say that.
Honey, it's it's got its advantages.
You know, kids in home school
do better in their later years.
They won't make it to their later years
if I have to spend all day with them.
Honey, sometimes you just --
you got to make the sacrifice.
It's probably the best thing for the kids.
Why don't we just put them back in me and
cook them until they're civilized?
You'd be cool with that?
I've never had plum pudding before.
I'm serving it this year for Christmas.
I like to try out new recipes before the actual holiday.
That way if the cookbook's gotten it wrong,
I can fix it.
You must really like Christmas.
You and Mr. Van de Kamp always have
the best decorations on your lawn.
I adore the holidays.
I never get depressed if there's a beautifully
decorated tree to look at.
My mom and I would always decorate
our tree together.
This Christmas is going to be weird.
Oh, Zach.
You know...
my mother died when I was young.
She was hit by a car.
Oh.
It was, um,
right before christmas, as a matter of fact.
We were all singing carols, and the dog was howling
because everybody in my family
sings off-key except for me.
Anyway, it was just a terrible ruckus.
So, well, no one noticed when my mother went
across the street to give the neighbors a gift.
And the next thing we heard
were brakes screeching.
Wow.
Most of my family went to the hospital, but
I stayed home because I was so young.
When I looked out the window,
I saw all of my mother's blood on the street,
and nobody was doing anything
about it, so I got a hose,
and I washed it off,
and once it was clean, I felt so much better.
I never told anyone that story before.
Those are the most interesting ones --
the stories that we never tell anyone.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I have one.
It's more of a secret, really.
I know why my mom killed herself.
You do?
It was something I did --
something bad.
What did you do, Zach?
Zach, sweetheart.
No. I should - I-I'd better not.
I shouldn't have said anything.
I shouldn't - I shouldn't have done this.
I'm sorry. If my dad found out --
I won't tell your father.
I promise.
I-I can't get you in trouble.
Zachary, it's all right.
I can't believe Zach said that.
What else did he tell you?
That was it.
Just that Mary Alice killed herself because of
something that he had done.
You couldn't get any more out of him?
Well, I tried, but he was so nervous.
He actually started shaking, and then he just left.
Okay, this is getting really weird.
I think we should go to the police.
And tell them what? We don't
even have the note anymore.
We gave it to Paul.
Then you're going to have to get Zach to tell
you something so we have more to go on.
Girls, you don't understand.
This poor kid is scared out of his mind.
Oh, for god's sakes, Bree, you're a woman.
Manipulate him. That's what we do.
But how?
I don't know. How did you usually manipulate Rex?
Hello, Zachary.
Are you free for dinner tonight?
Sure.
Oh, good, because last night, you put
me in such a holiday mood,
so I'm going to make roast turkey
and candied yams and eggnog.
Have you ever had real old-fashioned eggnog?
No, I don't think so.
Oh, you are going to love it.
It has quite a kick.
Oh, me!
Score!
Boys, could you just not --
Get off me!
Get off me.
I'm serious.
Mom!
Mom! He's hitting me!
No, I'm not.
Mom!
Mom!
Gabrielle, please.
You bought me enough things.
You're the one that's supposed to be shopping.
Oh, mama, you're in a rut.
We need to spice up your wardrobe.
Ooh, here.
Try this one on. Go on, try it on.
Mama Solis, how you doing in there?
Is it supposed to be so tight?
Yes, it's form-fitting. You're going to look great.
Gabrielle, I don't think this dress is right for me.
I can't breathe.
Well, maybe I made a mistake.
While you change, I'm going to make
a quick run to the bookstore.
Gabrielle, wait, wait. I'm coming with you.
No, no, no. I'd just be a minute.
Wait, wait, Gabrielle, I'm coming with you - ay!
Wait!
Gabrielle, wait!
Ma'am?
Ma'am, sorry.
I'm going to need to look in your bags, please.
Fine. Just hurry up.
Right on time.
I'm telling you, I don't know
where that blouse came from.
Security?
All right, keep your stupid blouse.
I'm going to have to find my daughter-in-law.
Don't touch me.
Don't you dare touch me!
Ma'am, you're going to have to come with us.
Get your hands off me!
Gabrielle!
Hello.
Hey, it's me.
Oh, hi, Rex. How are you?
Is something wrong?
Well, I was just about to grab dinner
from the motel vending machine,
and it occurred to me, what the heck? I'll go out.
Would you like to have dinner with me?
Mrs. Van de Kamp.
Guess what --
I found all my mom's old Christmas stuff.
Oh.
Sweetie, I was just coming over to talk to you.
I am so sorry, but something really important
came up, and I have to cancel.
Really?
We will do it again.
We'll have our impromptu holiday dinner, I promise.
Bye.
Mm, I got one - Kelly Halsteder.
In eighth grade, she used to spit in my gym shoes.
Kelly halsteder.
Kelly halsteder.
There, look.
Two DUIs, one check kiting,
and an open bench warrant.
How tragic, by which I mean yay.
Yeah, you've been a really good sport,
coming along on my shift with me.
Well, time flies when you're
on a stakeout in crack town.
So when does our official date begin?
Well, the taxpayers say 20 minutes, but I say now.
They're down.
Oh, thank you.
Honey, you - did you read up on homeschooling?
Yeah. Gave me some good ideas - well, one, anyway.
Great. What - what have you got?
Well, you know how we both agree
that one of us needs to stay home
and parent the kids and one of us needs
to go off and make a living.
And then I suddenly remembered that when
I was working, I made a little more than you.
W-what are you doing?
You tossed out that little sacrifice
comment a while ago,
and it occurred to me I've made sacrifices
over the past six years.
I gave up my career.
If another sacrifice has to be made,
I think it's your turn on the merry-go-round.
L-lynette --
so if I wentack to work, then you could
stay home and take care of the kids.
I-I can't be with the kids all day.
I'd - I'd lose my mind.
Aha.
Hey, okay, I get it.
Hey - homeschooling is out.
Out.
But how are we going to scrape together
15 grand for this endowment?
Mm.
How, how, how?
Lynette was desperate to avoid homeschooling,
but she saw no options on the horizon
until a solution sailed into view.
Oh, no.
Aye-aye.
So the restaurant's run by this
little old guy named Daranello.
He will propose to you.
Don't say yes, because he's dead serious.
But what if I like him?
Hey.
I thought this went to the lab.
All right.
You got me.
And that means what?
Look, Susan, no one would authorize lab time
or a computer search for a case like this.
It's - it's just not a priority.
So why couldn't you just tell me that?
Well, I thought we were clicking?
Does this need to be a big deal?
Well, if you'd only lied to me
about it once, it wouldn't be.
All right, I get it. You want me to beg.
Okay, look at me. I'm begging. Beg.
Come on. Don't be such a girl about this.
I know who you are.
You're a Carl in disguise.
I'm done with you --
all of you.
Oh, come on, drama queen.
What are you doing?
Where are you going? It's not safe.
I'd rather take my chances on the street,
thank you very much.
Oh, why do I always pick the psychos?
Excuse me.
I'm a little lost.
Oh, you best be lost. This here's my corner.
Oh, uh, yes, and - and a lovely corner it is,
and I hate to bother you while you're...working.
I just was wondering if you could point me
in the direction of a pay phone.
Oh, and if you had some change, uh,
for this $5, preferably quarters...
Honey, if I got paid in quarters, I'd be
doing something very wrong.
Right.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hey.
You want to use my cell?
I have weekend minutes.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're saving my life.
Oh, excuse me, honey.
Oh, yes, you - you do what you've got to do.
Oh, please answer. Come on, pick up, Julie.
Oh, thank god.
Okay, don't ask any questions.
Just get somebody down here to pick me up
at the corner of Ninth and Foster.
Hey, babe.
Thank you, no. I'm on a break.
Hurry, please.
Excuse me.
We got a call. Something about a break-in.
One of your neighbors reported seeing
someone forcing his way into your home.
We sent some guys out to investigate, and, uh...
w-what is it?
I got to tell you, ma'am,
I thought I'd seen a lot on the job,
but this is something else.
So let me get this straight.
He chopped down one of our pine trees?
I'm afraid so.
Zach, why did you do this?
I don't know.
Take off those handcuffs, please.
Ma'am, he confessed to breaking in.
This is not up for discussion.
good
Sir, you can't --
Zach.
You okay?
Yeah.
Then how much for a trip around the world?
I cannot believe Julie sent you.
She is soon going to be dead.
Come on. Get in.
Wasn't that sent in for prints?
No, the cop lied to me.
I don't want to talk about it.
Just asking.
Yes, apparently, they found a blouse in her bag.
Oh, I don't know, Carlos. At some point,
older people start to get confused.
She probably thought she paid for it.
No, no charges.
Everything's fine.
Okay, I'll tell her. Bye.
Mama Solis, Carlos is going to be late for dinner.
It's just the two of us.
What would you like to eat?
Oh, I'm not hungry.
Okay, suit yourself.
Don't go yet.
I need to talk to you.
It's important. Please.
I married Diego Solis when I was 16 years old.
A few months into our marriage,
he started to beat me.
I was so young and stupid, I didn't know what to do.
Juanita, I had no idea.
It got so bad that I started praying
to god to let me die,
but god, in his infinite wisdom,
gave me a reason to live.
Carlos.
Ah, he was a beautiful baby.
But my husband wasn't much of a father.
He never held him.
He would yell and scream at him for no reason at all.
One night when Carlos was 4,
Diego Solis came home drunk,
and he beat my Carlos.
Something inside me snapped,
and at that moment,
I found a way to be strong,
so I made sure that Diego Solis never hurt
my son or me ever again.
W-what'd you do?
Well, if you pray hard enough,
god gives you the tools to your salvation.
Carlos said that his father
left for a waitress in El Paso.
Mm-hmm. That's what he was told.
All mothers know they have to protect their children,
but some of us take our job
more seriously than others.
I don't know why you're telling me this.
I think you do.
Look, okay, I know you're mad at me,
and I'm sorry I didn't stop you
from going out with that guy.
I'm not mad at you.
I mean, I'm not just mad at you.
I'm mostly mad at myself.
Okay.
I'm mad that I like you so much without
really knowing anything about you.
Oh.
What do you want to know?
What's your favorite food?
Mexican.
What's your favorite sport?
Football.
Favorite band?
Elvis Costello.
That's a guy, not a band.
It's a guy with a band.
What do you think of me?
I'm sorry. Could you repeat that?
Why?
I don't want to talk about it.
Do you realize how insane this looks?
Do you even care about me at all?!
Did you even care about mom?!
You will not talk to me that way.
I think I just did.
Ow!
Mrs. Van de Kamp.
Hi, Zach. I just, uh, wanted to see
if everything was all right.
Everything's fine.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Well, okay.
I'll see you tomorrow, then.
I'm sure that you will.
People, by their very nature, are always
on the lookout for intruders.
What the --
trying to prevent those on the outside from getting in.
But there will always be those who force
their way into our lives,
just as there will be those we invite in.
Hi.
But the most troubling of all
will be the ones who stand
on the outside looking in...
the ones we never truly
get to know.
Previously on "desperate housewives"
I know why my mom killed herself.
Secrets were revealed.
This is getting really weird.
I think we should go to the police.
Relationships got complicated.
Mama Solis. What are you doing here?
So you think she's cheating on you?
I think so.
I'll take care of it.
We got a call --something about a break-in.
I thought I'd seen a lot on the job,
but this is something else.
And the mystery...
Zach, why did you do this?
I don't know.
Deepened.
Zach.
Suburbia is a battle ground,
an arena for all forms of domestic combat.
Husbands clash with wives,
parents cross swords with children,
but the bloodiest battles often involve women
and their mothers-in-law.
The war for control of Carlos began the night he proposed,
and Gabrielle had been losing ground to Juanita ever since.
From the prenuptial agreement,
which she reluctantly signed...
to the selection of wedding music she despised...
to the color of the house paint she hadn't wanted,
Gabrielle had suffered one defeat after another.
And now that Juanita suspected her
daughter-in-law of having an affair,
it had become increasingly apparent in this war...
Mrs. Solis? I'll be at the market.
No prisoners would be taken.
Thank you, Yao Lin.
I don't see why you have her.
It's a big house. I need help.
It's only called help when you do some of the work yourself.
I supervise.
You pay her $300 a week.
Mm-hmm.
That's $15,000 a year.
Carlos, you always say how you're not
putting away enough for retirement.
You know, baby, it would be a good
idea if we cut back on expenses.
You expect me to take care of this place all by myself?
Other women manage.
Ahem.
That's nice.
You like that?
Oh, yeah.
God, I'm going to miss this, Carlos.
What do you mean?
Well, since...
I'm going to have to be doing the cooking
and the cleaning and all the
shopping like the other wives...
mm-hmm.
I'm going to be exhausted at night,
just like all the other wives.
Till I build up my stamina, of course.
And that might take a couple years.
Sadly for Juanita,
she had ignored the first rule of war.
Good morning, Carlos.
The maid stays.
Never underestimate your enemy.
Episode 6 : Running to Stand Still
Of the many suburban rituals,
none is quite so cherished
as the neighborhood yard sale.
The shoppers come to sift through the discarded
belongings of someone they don't really know
in hopes of finding bargains
they don't really need,
each so determined to save a few pennies,
they often miss hidden treasures.
Hey, Paul.
Hi, Susan.
& nbsp;
Got to say, I was a little surprised
to see Mary Alice's award for sale.
She got it for doing charity work
from the Chamber of Commerce.
Zach and I are moving.
We don't need to carry any more with us
than is absolutely necessary.
That makes sense.
Still, I just wanted to make sure
you didn't want to keep it for Zach,
something to remember his mother by.
Zach doesn't need a piece of glass
to remember his mother.
I'm out of newspaper.
Here.
Let's call it 10 bucks for everything.
Great.
Speaking of Zach,
haven't seen him around lately.
He's been a bit depressed.
I thought he could use a change of scenery,
so I sent him to stay with relatives.
Oh. Which ones?
You don't know them.
So how'd you get the fat lip?
The usual way - asking too many questions.
Did you find out where Zach is?
No, but I can tell you this much --
he's not staying with relatives.
It's driving me crazy, mama.
I mean, it could be any one of these guys
she's having an affair with.
Don't worry about it.
I'm not letting her out of my sight.
Now who the hell is that?
And look at the way she's touching him.
You think that's the guy
she's having the affair with?
Carlos, don't be stupid.
A guy she talks to in public
isn't someone you're going to worry about.
So it's someone that she doesn't talk to.
What do I have to do,
beat up every guy in town?
Marriage takes work.
I'm not surprised he's
playing it close to the vest.
Paul knows we're on to him.
Zach said Mary Alice killed herself
because of something that
he had done, something bad.
Is there anyone else who'd know
what he was talking about?
No. That's why we have to find him.
It's the only way we'll know the truth.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Zach is such a sweet kid.
I can't imagine him
doing anything that terrible.
Well, he did break into your house.
I mean, the kid's obviously troubled in some way.
Severe depression,
borderline personality disorder --
Zach is a deeply troubled young man.
I'm aware of that.
What are you giving him?
Some antidepressants and a mood stabilizer.
Good.
I'm also recommending extensive psychotherapy
to help unearth any repressed memory.
I don't think so.
Mr. Young, I can't just
medicate him indefinitely.
Forget the Freud and stick with the drugs.
No new treatments without my permission.
I think this is going to be a great
version of "Little Red Riding Hood,"
and it is your involvement that make the plays
here at Barcliff Academy so special.
Thank you.
And now, I would liketo turn over the next
part of our meeting to our parent coordinator
the amazing Maisy Gibbons.
Thank you, Ms. Truesdale.
Now, before everyone leaves,
we have new copies of the script up here.
Tilda and Frances and I went to the rehearsal yesterday,
and we were a little troubled by the ending.
Killing the wolf --
it sends the wrong message to our kids,
and we believe that animals should only
be euthanized as a last resort.
Do you find something amusing?
I'm sorry, I thought you were kidding.
No.
& nbsp;
Oh, okay.
So in our version, the wolf is aggressive
because he has a thorn in his paw,
and the woodsman will take out the thorn
and send Mr. Wolf on his way.
I'm sorry. Aren't we doing "Little Red Riding Hood"?
Yes.
So then you are aware that the wolf is a bad guy.
He eats Little Red's grandma.
If you let him go, he's just going
to chow down on other defenseless old ladies.
I-I'm sorry. And you are...
I'm Lynette Scavo.
My twins just joined.
They're playing oak trees.
Oh, of course. Lynette.
Uh, let's see. You are signed up to take
tickets the night of the show. Is that right?
Yeah.
Well, with all due respect,
let's leave the creative suggestions to the
mothers who've assumed the heavy lifting, shall we?
Sure.
Whatever.
I must say, I'm jealous of how
much time you two spend together.
My mother-in-law would never want
to hang out with me all day.
She sounds nice.
Hey.
Oh, hey there, you two.
Hi, John.
Hi, Mrs. Solis.
I wasn't aware you two were friends.
Yeah. We go to the same school.
Of course you do.
Mom, if you need anything,
we'll be upstairs in my room studying.
Have fun.
Doesn't it make you nervous --
a boy alone upstairs with Danielle?
Oh, no, I don't worry about John.
Both he and Danielle are in the Abstinence Club.
Coffee's a little hot.
Susan was infuriated by Paul's evasive answers.
She was convinced he was deliberately hiding Zach
and hiding the truth.
She hoped that finding one would lead to the other.
To succeed,
Susan would have to be evasive herself.
Susan.
Well, long time no see.
Mrs. Greenberg.
Do you remember those two eggs
I let you borrow last Christmas?
I need those back.
Well, gosh, honey, I'm fresh out,
but if you want, I could run to the store.
Oh, forget about it. It's not that important.
But since I'm here, do you still have
that old hatch back sitting in your garage?
Can I borrow it tomorrow?
You want to borrow my car?
Just for a couple of hours.
Well, I'm not sure.
Do you know how to drive a stick?
Yes, I think so. I learned in college.
It's like riding a bike, right?
I'm not sure, dear.
It's no big deal.
It's just for a couple of hours.
I let you borrow my eggs for a whole year.
First off, I'm very pleased with the work
we've done in our sessions thus far.
We're making excellent progress.
Thank you. I feel really good about it.
But there are a few areas of your
marriage we haven't covered yet.
Oh, really? Like what?
Um...
I've told Dr. Goldfine our private
sessions that I'm not happy with our sex life.
And Rex feels that when the two
of you have intercourse,
you're not as connected as you could be.
Connected?
Well, yeah.
It's like you're thinking about other things.
Is your hair getting messed up,
did you remember to buy the tooth paste?
You're just not there.
This kind of disconnect is often
a symptom of a deeper problem.
So we were talking, and the idea
of a sexual surrogate came up.
This is a licensed professional
who'd work with you as a couple
on solving whatever sexual problems you may be having.
I have an excellent referral.
Hmm. And what would this sexual surrogate person do?
Well, she would coach us.
She.
She's very discreet.
You'll hardly notice she's there.
Oh.
So she would be in the room with us
while we make love?
Yes, helping us to achieve maximum sexual potential.
Hmm.
Do you have any questions?
Just one.
How much longer is your midlife crisis going to last?
Because it is really starting to tick me off.
All right, everyone's down for a nap.
We've got no more than an hour.
Let's get cracking.
5-card draw, nothing wild.
So how is it going with Mike, Susan?
It's going, finally.
We have our first official date next week.
I think he's taking me to see a play or something.
Might I suggest the Barcliff Academy
production of "Little Red Riding Hood"?
Oh, that's right --the twins' stage debut.
Are they having fun?
Sure, they get to play oak trees.
I'm the one that has to deal with
all the drama behind the scenes.
Oh, I take it you've met Maisy Gibbons.
She's a total nightmare.
I guess I shouldn't have challenged her.
Oh, dear.
Because now no one on the play
committee even wants to talk to me.
Oh, Maisy does love to rule her little kingdom.
It hasn't really changed since girl scouts.
Girls smile at you to your face, and then
behind your back, they make fun of you
'cause you're the only one not shaving her legs yet.
That would have never happened in boy scouts.
When I worked, mostly with men,
I preferred the way they fought.
A guy takes his opponent on face-to-face,
and once he's won, he's top dog.
It's primitive, but it's fair.
And a lot less sneaky.
Isn't is sexist of us to generalize like this?
It's science, Gabrielle.
Sociologists have documented this stuff.
Well, who am I to argue with sociologists?
Wow, this, uh, this guacamole has got a kick.
I'm going to run to the little girls' room.
You guys go ahead.
I might be a while.
I hate playing 3-handed poker.
Let's take a break.
I'll play.
You play poker?
I used to play a little with my grandfather.
Pull up a chair.
Oh, I notice you're just playing for chips.
My grandfather used to say
it's always more fun to play for money.
Why not? 50 cents a bet?
Make it a buck. 3-raise limit, $20 buy-in.
Mrs. Solis. What are you doing?
Why haven't you returned any of my phone calls?
I've been busy.
Yeah, I-I've seen who you've been busy with.
Danielle? Come on. I mean, she's just a friend.
Well, before you get any friendlier, let me remind you,
I can do things to you she can't even pronounce.
Well, a lot of good it does me, with your
mother-in-law following you around all the time.
Look, maybe we should just cool it for a while.
Oh, no, John, please don't say that.
I have everything under control.
Now give me a boost.
Hey. So what did I miss?
Not much. Just a few friendly hands
of poker with the girls.
As I'm sure you have all heard,
Celia Bond broke her wrist playing tennis,
which means we are now in desperate need
of someone to do the costumes.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed here.
Are there any volunteers?
I'll do it.
Really? That's a --do you know how to sew?
Absolutely.
Well, uh, great. Thank you, Lynette.
Okay, so now that I'm going to do some heavy lifting,
I believe I have the right to talk
about the changes made to the script.
Um...
ladies
We all grew up with "Little Red Riding Hood,"
and we survived it, scary stuff and all,
so I say to hell with political correctness.
Let our kids experience this classic
like it was meant to be enjoyed.
Let's kill the damn wolf,
and just put on the best show we can.
Thank you, Lynette, for that impassioned speech,
but I believe that ship has sailed.
No, it hasn't. We still have time
to change the ending back.
And, you know, Maisy, it is just a fairy tale.
I don't think it will upset the children.
Well, I think you're wrong.
Well, that's what so great about being in a democracy.
Everyone's entitled to their opinion.
Also, everyone has a right to vote,
so all in favor of the woodsman
going medieval on the big bad wolf's ass...
Oh! Oh!
Dr. Goldfine.
Bree.
You're dining alone?
Actually, I am.
Well, what a coincidence. So am I.
Seems a shame for us to eat by ourselves.
Shall I pull up a chair?
Bree, it's nothing personal,
but I never socialize with clients.
Oh.
Oh, I get it.
I'm so sorry. Of course, it's - it's in appropriate.
It's just that after what happened yesterday,
there's so much I need to say, because --
I suppose it can wait.
No, Lynette, I'm sorry. Juanita's taking a bath.
Well, how much did she win from you?
Jeez.
Yeah, I guess she'll take a check.
Okay.
All right, bye.
What was that about?
Turns out your mother is quite the card shark.
You let her play cards.
How long did she play?
Not that long. Why?
Carlos, what is it?
I never told you this, but my mother
had a serious gambling problem.
Was this before we were married?
Yeah.
It was bad.
She went into debt.
She dipped into her savings, started hocking jewelry.
Honey, it was only a small neighborhood game.
But it doesn't take much for her to fall off the wagon.
I know she seems like a very strong woman, but --
she has a major weakness.
Honey...
oh.
It's okay.
You were right to tell me this.
And you understand I have to treat this as a session.
Of course. That's fine.
Shall I, um, include the meal?
Oh, no. We'll split that.
Okay.
So let's talk about yesterday.
Uh, do you think there might have been
some truth in what Rex said?
No, I don't.
Bree, you know, it's not uncommon for people experiencing
sexual repression to distance themselves during the act.
Is that how you see me --as some sort of prude
who just lays there like a cold fish?
I love sex.
All right.
I love everything about it --
the sensations, the smells.
I especially love the feel of a man,
all that muscle and sinew pressed against my body.
And then, when you add friction...
mm.
The tactile sensation of running my tongue
over a man's nipple ever so gently.
And then there's the act itself --
two bodies becoming one
in that final eruption of pleasure.
To be honest, the only thing I don't
like about sex is the scrotum.
I mean, obviously, it has its practical
applications, but I'm just not a fan.
Can I get you something?
Uh, just the check, please.
Sir, you haven't ordered yet.
Oh.
We're not shopping?
Oh, I thought we'd stop here for lunch first.
This place has the best buffet in town --
all-you-can-eat crab legs.
Oh, no.
What's wrong? Let's go.
I didn't realize how late it was.
They're only holding the suede mini for me
until 2:00. If we stay, I'll never make it.
We'll just have lunch at the mall.
Wait. Uh...
I'm really in the mood for crab legs.
Why don't you just drop me off,
and you can come back?
Well, if the mall's crowded, it might take over an hour.
It's a buffet. There's no rush.
Hi, John.
Motel, 10 minutes. Be there.
All right, off you go. Thanks.
Ooh, Lynette.
I couldn't help but notice you forgot the coonskin
on that hunter's coonskin cap.
Oh, yeah.
That was a creative call.
Look, I'm in the middle of a costume crisis,
and if I don't take a few shortcuts,
I'll never finish.
Well, Jordana Geist manages to get her work done.
She runs the concessions, paints the sets,
and still has time to take care
of her three kids and a husband.
Now, we can't have the students suffer
just because you don't understand
the concept of time management.
I hardly think the kids are going to suffer
without a clump of fur on their heads.
Okay.
I'll make a creative call.
We'll cut the oak trees.
That forest is looking a little dense anyway.
My boys are the oak trees.
Are they?
Well, I wouldn't worry.
We'll find something for them to do backstage.
That's where the real action is.
I'll finish the costumes.
Well, crisis averted.
You have lost your mind.
I checked upon this Silvercrest place.
It's a treatment centerfor troubled kids.
Who's going to notice one more?
I create the distraction, you blend in and find Zach.
How am I supposed to blend in
with a bunch of messed-up teenagers?
I don't know, Julie.
Pretend to be bulimic. Gag a little.
Come on. Work with me here.
Mom, when this is over, we need to
talk about your parenting skills.
Okay.
Fine, you don't want to help me,
I'm not going to force you.
It's not that I don't want to, it's just...
why does this mean so much to you?
'Cause Mary Alice was a wonderful person,
and now all anybody thinks about her
is that she went off the deep end
and did this terrible, selfish thing.
And I think there's more to it than that.
She was my friend, Julie,
and I owe it to her to find out the truth.
Juanita, what's wrong?
Juanita.
I didn't go to the buffet.
I went gambling instead, and I lost.
Well, how much did you have on you?
It couldn't have been much.
I used Carlos's credit card.
Okay, well, how much did you charge?
I don't know. It stopped working.
What do you mean, it stopped working?
This thing has, like, a $15,000 credit limit.
Oh.
The man at the desk said there were no vacant rooms.
Mind if I bunk with you?
Bree, what are you doing here?
It's a little chilly out here.
Do you mind if we discuss this inside?
Come on in.
Sure is nice and toasty in here.
You look amazing.
Thanks.
I was hoping you'd notice.
Well, it certainly isn't the Ritz,
but it has all the essentials.
I don't know what to say.
Well, then, perhaps you should say nothing.
Take it off.
Rex.
Mm, yeah?
Baby, just, um...
mm, I just need a minute.
What?
Sweetie, just leave it, will you?
Okay.
Just leave it.
Oh.
Okay, baby. Where were we?
I told you to leave it.
I'm sorry. I just --
Aw, come on. Are you going to make a big deal about this?
You know...
to tell you the truth...
now is not really a good time for me.
Well, it's obvious you've never
had to remove a cheese stain.
Seriously, I'm going to be fine.
Yeah - ow. Okay. Thanks anyway. Bye-bye.
Well, I'm a little ahead with my painting.
Do you need some help?
Oh, Jordana, you are
a life saver. Thank you.
Here, these pieces need trim.
I'll help for as long as I can,
but I have a lot on my plate tonight.
I have to make 25 mini-quiches
for my book club.
You're not human, are you?
You were sent by aliens to make
the human race feel inadequate.
Seriously, how do --how do you cram it all in?
Can you keep a secret?
Um, sure.
That's A.D.D. medication.
Well, my kids take this --or they almost did.
I thought it was supposed to calm you down.
Mnh-mnh. Has the opposite effect if you
don't have attention-deficit disorder.
Ever chug a pot of turkish coffee?
Seriously - y-you're taking your kids' medication?
Once in a while.
Do you want a couple?
Oh, that's very kind of you,
but I just smoked some crack a little
while ago, so they better not mix.
This is what we'll do --
I'll sell some old jewelry, pay off the credit card,
and Carlos will never find out.
You would do that for me?
Of course I would. Why wouldn't I?
Well, for starters, you hate me.
Oh, that is overstating it...
a little.
The bottom line is, no matter how much
I dislike you, I love Carlos more.
If Carlos finds out about the money,
he'll be devastated.
I don't want to see him hurt.
You don't have to believe I'm a good person,
but at least believe I care about my husband.
Fine. To heck with it.
I'm not going to risk my neck to protect you.
I'm calling Carlos.
Juanita might have been
the gambler of the family...
Wait. I believe you.
But Gabrielle was the one who knew how to bluff.
Hi, I'm Susan Mayer.
I have an appointment to see Dr. Sicker.
Yes, yes. He's expecting you. Let me get him for you.
Hi. I'm Dr. Sicker.
Susan Mayer.
So you're here doing research
for a children's book.
I sure am.
Zach?
Oh. Hi, Julie.
What's wrong with you?
Just all these pills they make me take.
They kind of make me sleepy.
What are you doing here?
I came to see how you were
and to ask you something.
Look, I don't have much time.
What is it?
Last week, you told Mrs. Van de Kamp that your mom
killed herself because of something you did,
something bad.
What were you talking about?
After my mom died, I started remembering
things that happened when I was little.
What happened to Dana.
Dana? Who's Dana?
What are you doing here?
I was just visiting my friend.
This patient is not allowed visitors.
I guess I have to go.
I am so sorry, Zach.
Hi.
I don't want to disturb you. I've just, uh...
left some important papers here.
What are you doing?
I'm repairing a chipped mug.
Why don't you just buy a new one?
Because I think it's better to fix what you already have.
Listen, um...
about what happened today...
you humiliated me, Rex,
for no good reason.
I'm sorry.
I was there, I was willing.
Normal men don't say no to that.
You - you upset me.
See, but I don't think that's the reason.
After I left the motel,
I, um, did some thinking about us and
our sex life,
and I realized there has been a disconnect,
but it's coming from you.
That's ridiculous.
How many years have we been making love
when you've started to ask me something,
but then you stop?
I-I don't know what you're talking about.
You are unhappy with our sex life because
you're not getting something from me,
but you're simply too afraid to ask.
My - my problem with our sex life is that
you can't stop thinking about the housework.
Well, if that's the case,
then take me right here, right now.
The house is spotless, there are no burritos
lying around to pull my focus.
I'm not in the mood.
Why not?
We haven't had sex for months, Rex.
Most normal, red-blooded men
would be climbing the walls by now.
Please don't do this.
Rex, whatever you want, I'll go there with you.
I will go there with you.
You just have to say it out loud.
Tell me. What do you want? What do you need?
I need for you to stop talking like this.
Why?
Because you sound like a whore.
No, I don't. I sound like a woman
whose husband won't touch her.
Rex,
after Mary Alice killed herself,
it - it all hit me.
We all have our secrets, and I think
it's time for you to tell me yours.
I'm going.
That night, while most of Wisteria
Lane dreamt the night away,
Lynette was in the middle of her own personal nightmare.
Determined her boys would not
miss their fairy tale debut,
Lynette had stayed up 18 hours straight sewing.
But she began to fear her story
would not have a happy ending.
Luckily for Lynette, she had a magic potion handy.
And once she had taken it...
the magic kept working...
and working...
and working.
It wasn't until noon that Lynette finally took a break,
and the reality of what she had done
began to sink in.
My, what big eyes you have.
Mama Juanita, I'm going to the store.
Do you need anything?
I'm fine, thank you.
So what's been going on with her?
Have you found anything out yet?
Actually, Carlos, the more I watch her,
the more I think she's probably not stepping out on you.
Really?
Yeah. She's not perfect, lord knows,
but she loves you.
I can tell.
Mama.
Oh, you don't know what a relief it is to hear that.
Well, you know, it's funny.
I really think she loves you, too.
Oh?
I got concerned when I heard
you played poker with her friends,
so I told her about your little problem.
You told her about my gambling problem.
Don't be mad, mama.
I just didn't want you slipping into old habits.
And Gabrielle was very concerned about you.
She knew.
I don't get it.
I've gone through all your yearbooks,
and you and Zach never went to school
with anybody named Dana.
He didn't say it was somebody we went to school with.
Well, did it sound like a relative?
He said Dana. It sounded like Dana.
Unless he was using a code, that's all I got.
Okay, give me a break here.
I'm just grasping at straws.
I'm sorry.
It's - I'm worried about Zach.
It's just really creepy in there.
Can't we get him out?
Honey, it's up to his father.
Then I at least want to visit again.
I don't think that's a good idea, either.
Why?
I just have a feeling.
Juanita was now more convinced than ever that her
treacherous daughter-in-law was having an affair,
but the question remained,
with whom?
And suddenly...
Juanita remembered it wasn't the men Gabrielle
talked to that she had to worry about.
Jordana, Maisy.
Here are the costumes, right on time.
Thank you, Lynette.
This is a bit awkward.
There has been an oversight with the programs.
Celia Bond is still credited with costumes.
They forgot to tell the printer.
Uh-huh.
incidentally, who is "they,"
as in "they forgot to tell the printer"?
That would be me.
I'm sorry,
but I was just so overworked this week, what
with all the script changes that you demanded.
Uh-huh. Well, these things happen.
Oh. Thanks. Be right back.
Would you do something with this?
It looks like roadkill.
Okay, lady, that's it.
I beg your pardon?
Maisy, we have kids the same age,
which means there are years ahead
of us having to deal with each other,
so instead of playing all these petty games,
why don't we put an end to this right now?
What are you saying?
Let's take it outside.
Let's take what outside?
Your sorry ass. We're throwing down.
You are crazy.
Just being practical.
Isn't it better to settle this once and for all,
rather than endure all this alpha mom crap
until our kids graduate, hmm?
Come on.
I'll even let you take the first shot.
I don't have time for this.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
And just so you know, next spring,
when we do "Bambi,"
his mother's going to take a slug to the heart,
and you're going to like it!
The search for power begins when we're quite young.
As children, we're taught that the power of good
triumphs over the power of evil.
But as we get older,
we realize that nothing is ever that simple.
Traces of evil
always remain.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
Someone sent that note to my wife,
and I need to know who.
Some secrets were discovered...
After my mom died, I started
remembering what happened to Dana.
Who's Dana?
What are you doing here?
Some secrets were uncovered...
It could be any one of these guys
she's having an affair with.
Don't worry about it.
I'm not letting her out of my sight.
And some secrets...
Jordana Geist manages to get her work done.
How do you cram it all in?
Were shared.
That's A.D.D. medication.
Competition --
it means different things to different people.
In suburbia, it means keeping up with the Joneses.
On Wisteria Lane,
that means keeping up with Bree Van De Kamp.
Everyone knew Bree had the nicest
lawn in the neighborhood,
and no one be grudged her this.
No one, that is,
except Martha Huber,
whose own lawn paled in comparison.
No matter how carefully she trimmed...
or how lovingly she watered...
or how generously she fertilized...
the grass was always greener
on the other side of the fence.
Hello, Victor.
How are you today?
Out jogging again?
I can't catch my breath.
Would you like a slurp from my hose?
Victor?
Victor?
Don't worry.
I'm going to get an ambulance.
Then one day Mrs. Huber finally got the
chance to mow down the competition.
Help!
Somebody help!
What happened?
He collapsed on your hydrangeas.
Call 911!
Yes, Mrs. Huber understood
the first rule of competition --
in order to win, you have to want it more.
Episode 7 : Anything You Can Do
When I was alive,
my friends and I came together once a month
for a meeting of the Wisteria Lane book club.
We found the problems of literary
characters so absorbing --
the way they dealt with adversity,
conducted illicit affairs,
endured domestic dramas,
and planned romantic conquests.
But since my death, my friends had
lost their interest in fiction.
So... what did everybody think?
Their own problems had become absorbing enough.
I thought the character of Madame
Bovary was very inspirational.
Inspirational?
She poisons herself with arsenic.
Really?
You didn't read until the end?
I stopped after page 50.
Am I the only one who read the book?
I saw the movie.
It was really good.
Ladies, I'm sorry, but
what is the point of having a book club
if we don't read the book?
More wine?
So, uh, Reba, Emma, and Laurie,
would you girls come to the kitchen
and help me with the snacks?
Sure.
I will be right in.
God, I couldn't wait to get rid of them.
Okay,
so Lynette said that you found Zach.
He's at a rehabilitation center,
and Julie snuck in and actually talked to him.
Did he say anything about his mother's suicide?
There wasn't enough time, but he did say
one thing that was kind of mysterious.
He said something happened to someone named Dana,
and that he could never, ever talk about it.
Who the hell's Dana?
That's the mystery part.
I figure Dana has something to do with
what Mary Alice was trying to hide.
So somebody found out Mary Alice's secret...
and sent the note.
So who the hell is that?
The stationery is parchment
number 17, 100% cotton.
It's made by Cypress Office Products.
They have stores in 12 cities, including yours.
Now, I traced that postmark
back to your local post office.
Meaning?
Meaning that the blackmailer is
probably someone you know --
a neighbor, milkman...
pool boy, soccer mom.
Soccer mom?
Mr. Young, sometimes evil drives a minivan.
I had this gig once
tracking down this PTA mom who was hell-bent on landing her daughter
a spot on the parade float.
Fed antifreeze to half the homecoming committee.
Did you catch her?
Mr. Young...
the people who hired me didn't
hire me to catch her.
Wow, honey, --
this place looks spotless.
Thanks.
Hey, so, listen,
I have come up with this killer idea
for the Spotless Scrub campaign.
Great. You want to run it by me?
No, I'm good.
But thanks.
Okay.
Well, that's the thing. You know how whenever
I pitch in the boardroom at work,
and Hennessy always tears my ideas down
in front of the partners?
Yeah.
I invited the partners and their wives
over so I could pitchto them here,
and I thought maybe we could make a formal
dinner for six, we could sit, we could --
and when exactly would this
formal dinner take place?
Uh, day after tomorrow.
Tom.
Yeah, I know, I know,
I know it's short notice. I just --
You think? How am I supposed to pull off
a formal dinner with no warning?
I don't know. Bree Van De Kamp does
this kind of thing all the time.
What did you say?
Wow, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
That's - you know what? Forget it.
I'll call, and I'll cancel.
Just don't worry about it.
No, no, let's --let's do it.
Really?
Yeah. It's good for your career.
I'll pull it off.
Yes. Honey, thank you so much.
You know what? I promise, I land this account,
and I'm going to buy you something awful pretty.
Luckily for Tom,
Lynette had a recipe for success.
Unfortunately for her,
she was missing the secret ingredient.
Yeah.
It's me.
Don't turn around. My mother-in-law can see you.
I hate that she's always watching us.
So meet me at the motel in an hour?
John?
Uh, I've got plans.
So cancel.
They're with Danielle.
We're going to the movies.
That sounds like a date.
Yeah.
Well, I have a problem with you seeing other girls.
Well, I have a problem with you having a husband.
I guess we'll both have to learn to deal.
Don't even try to make it up to me by talking dirty.
& nbsp;
Hello?
Mr. and Mrs. Van De Kamp.
So your son decided to entertain
some of his friends yesterday
by shoving a freshman's head into a locker.
This was the Johnson boy?
Yes. He broke the boy's nose.
Because of our no-tolerance policy,
your son may face expulsion.
You're going to ruin his whole future
over a little rough housing?
Rex, this was practially assault.
Mrs. Stark, what Andrew did was clearly wrong,
but in his defense, his mother and I are
going through severe marital problems.
How is that relevant?
Our marriage is disintegrating.
Of course Andrew is acting out.
He has every right to be angry.
If Andrew's angry about you
moving out of the house,
then perhaps he should shove
your head into a locker.
All I'm saying is that we need to take
some of the responsibility here.
So does Andrew.
Blaming his actions on our problems --
which are not so serious --
does not help him.
Our problems are serious.
Mrs. Stark, you handle this however you see fit.
Bree, I've gone to an attorney.
You're going to be served with
divorce papers later today.
You went to an attorney?
Yeah.
And a good one, too.
Well, he better be good,
because when I'm finished with you,
you won't have a cent to your name.
Bring it on.
Perhaps detention is the way to go.
Mom, you're getting too dressed up.
I know, but I want to look really sexy.
I told Mike I expect him to have you home by 11:00.
Hmm. How about midnight?
All right, but no later.
You know how I worry.
So, you, uh, got protection?
Oh, my god.
We are so not having this conversation.
We are, because I enjoy being an only child.
Are you finished?
Almost.
You know, I always assumed I'd have sex
for the first time before you had it again.
Okay, you can leave now, mm-hmm.
Y eah.
What do you think? Trying too hard?
Yeah, well, what do you know?
It's 80 degrees outside, and you're wearing fur.
Hey, Mike.
Hey, Edie.
Wow. Get a load of you.
Ooh, you look so pretty.
I hardly recognize you.
Oh, this?
Well, I have a date right now with Mike.
We kissed.
FYI.
Ooh, love that jacket. Good choice.
Um, look, Susan, I'm really sorry,
but I've got to cancel.
I have an...
unexpected houseguest.
Coming through.
Oh, sorry. Hi, I'm Kendra.
Susan.
I'm going to run to the car and get my stuff.
I know how this looks,
but there's nothing between us.
Kendra's just an old friend.
Old friend.
Yeah, you know --
Yeah, yeah.
No, actually, no, I don't know.
So by "old friend," you mean college pal,
bowling buddy, saved you from drowning?
It's hard to explain.
Could you give it a shot?
Mike, I'm going to go upstairs and take a shower.
Look, I promise I'll make this up to you.
And...
you look amazing.
Mike, where are the towels?
Thanks.
Hey!
How was your big date?
& nbsp;
Mike had to reschedule.
Oh, because of the hot girl with
the suitcase over there?
Gosh, how devastating for you.
FYI.
Look, I just want to move this place fast.
I'll do whatever we have to do.
Well, that's good to know.
You do realize that you're going to have to disclose the fact
that your wife killed herself in the house.
I am?
Oh, yeah.
Legal crap.
You know, people get really freaked out by suicides.
I can't blame them. Hell.
I get the willies just standing here.
Is there any way to get around it?
Off the record?
Yeah.
You could say that she shot herself in the living room
and then crawled out back to die.
Well, I'm just saying.
Oh, I got to go. I'll call you tomorrow.
Edie, wait.
Paul had always known Edie Britt was capable
of doing anything to close a deal.
But now he realized she was capable of so much more.
Hey, Danielle.
Hey, Mrs. Solis.
Oh, Danielle...
remember when you said you wanted to be a model?
You remember that? That was, like, last summer.
Well, as it turns out, Percik Modeling Academy
has an opening for their summer program.
Would you like me to sponsor you?
Would I? Oh, my god. That's, like,
one of the best schools in the country.
You would do that for me?
I sure would.
I would so love to go to New York.
Oh, and I would so love to help you get there.
Hey, Jordana.
Hey, Lynette. How are you?
You look a little tired. Is everything okay?
Actually, I'm getting ready for a dinner
party tomorrow night - six people.
Sounds fun.
Big fun.
Say, you wouldn't have any of your kids' A.D.D. medication
that you could spare just to get me over the hump --
Tina!
Don't push your sister.
Gosh, Lynette,
I'm really running low.
I need all my energy I can get.
My sister Elaine and her kids
are flying in town for a week.
Yeah, that's exciting.
I wish my sister would visit more often.
Yeah, sisters are great.
Yeah.
Just three or four pills.
I'm really hitting a wall here.
Yeah, the come-down can be a real bitch.
I wish I could help.
I'm not going to forget about this, Jordana.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means come girl scout cookie time,
don't bother bringing around little Tina,
because we won't be home.
What's all this about?
You both know that your mother and
I have been unhappy for quite a while.
After a lot of soul-searching, we've decided
that it would be better if we got divorced.
But whatever problems your father and I may have,
it doesn't change the fact that
we love you very, very much.
I've got a question.
Go ahead, sweet heart. Ask whatever you want.
Can I live with dad?
I mean, come on, mom, let's face it --
we drive each other crazy.
Is - is that what you would prefer, Danielle --
to live with your father?
I don't really care as long as I have my own bathroom.
Um... all this, um,
wine is, uh, giving me a headache.
Six weeks in the suburban jungle and this is all you got?
There are over 300 families in this subdivision.
It'll take time to check them all out.
Dad said last time he saw you, you were ready to quit.
Yeah, well, I changed my mind.
This is a gigantic waste of your time,
and my father's money.
What, are you afraid of the old man
burning through your inheritance?
That's not funny.
Mike, here's the thing.
What?
Dad can't chase ghosts alone.
If you stop, he'll have to accept it's over.
Let me have my father back.
If I quit, he'll just hire somebody else.
Not if you tell him there's nothing here to find.
Well, I can't do that.
What happens when your girlfriend finds out
you're not just this sweet, neighborly plumber?
You're lying to her, Mike.
Oh, here it is.
Great.
This will keep the crab dip warm.
It took forever to shell the little
buggers, but it'll be worth it.
You shelled your own crabs?
Okay, I don't want to butt in,
but are you doing too much?
'Cause you look exhausted.
Oh, I'm fine. I just need some coffee.
Thank you.
Oh, my god.
Look at this embroidery.
"Dana."
Where did this come from?
Paul Young's garage sale.
Dana.
Wow.
Dana was a baby.
Surprise.
No way.
Yep.
No way.
Nah, it's all yours. Here are the keys.
Rex, what's this about?
I went and splurged a little.
Oh, Danielle, here's your present.
Luggage?
Yeah. It's to take with you to the Percik Mmodeling Aacademy.
I'm footing the entire bill.
You mean it? I can really go to new york?
Wait. Wait a minute.
What's all this about a modeling academy?
It's my new career. Mrs. Solis is sponsoring me.
Oh, is she now? And when were you planning on telling me?
She told me, and I think it's a great idea.
Don't you two see what he's doing?
He's trying to get you on his side.
He's trying to buy your love.
Oh, for god's sake, don't be paranoid.
A car? A modeling academy?
You should have discussed these gifts with me first.
I'm sorry, kids, but we cannot accept them.
Dad, you can't let her do this.
Bree, we just told the kids we're getting divorced.
Isn't it time to spoil them a little?
I said no.
You know what?
They're my kids, too,
and I can give the many thing I want.
There you go.
Thank you, daddy.
Yes!
Did you offer to help Danielle get into modeling school?
What?
Uh, yes.
No. Um...
is that how she heard it?
Yes. Gabrielle, did you or did you not offer to sponsor her?
I just wanted to help out.
It's in New York, for god's sakes.
Why on earth would you suggest that?
It's her dream, and don't you want her to be happy?
No.
And in the future, I would appreciate you
keeping your ridiculous ideas to yourself.
Bree.
John.
John!
You're so jealous of Danielle,
you try to ship her off to New York?
I'm not jealous. I just don't like to share.
Well, you know what?
I quit. The yard, us, everything.
Oh, don't be that way.
Well, what's the point if we can never be together?
You know, an hour here, an hour there.
I don't want us to end on a bad note.
Carlos has this black-tie thing tonight.
I could slip out --
Mrs. Solis --
John, please.
What we had was so special.
I think it deserves a proper goodbye.
We'd, um...
we'd still be over, though.
Of course.
I knew this play date was a good idea.
Yeah, thank you for suggesting it.
Your boys are the only ones
I know who could tire out Timmy.
Yep, he's a feisty one.
Hey, word on the street is, um,
you've been medicating Timmy?
Oh, yeah, for his A.D.D.
The pills have been a god send.
I bet.
Can I use your bathroom?
As Lynette swallowed the stolen
medication of an 8-year-old child,
she vowed she'd never again sink to such depths...
anytime soon.
Well, it looks like you've got your black mailer.
Is it time to bring in the police?
That's not really an option for me.
Mm.
Before my wife shot herself,
we lived a life that I was proud of.
We loved each other,
we had values, we went to church,
we gave to charity.
We were good people, Mr. Shaw.
Oh, I believe you.
That's why it's so incomprehensible to me
that Edie Britt would try to destroy us.
Well, you've suffered a great loss.
For your pain to heal, that's going to take some time.
I can't wait.
I need help now.
For 5 grand, she's hurt.
10 grand, she's gone.
Mom, what's going on?
Oh, I'm throwing you out.
I've separated all your things into two sides.
This side is yours, Danielle,
and the other one is Andrew's.
Okay, you- you've lost it.
Where are we supposed to live?
Darned if I know.
Uh, Danielle, everything in the north quadrant
of your side is clothes and books and such,
and the south side are miscellaneous items.
Mom, this isn't going to work, okay?
I'm not giving up my car.
That's a smart idea, because you're probably
going to have to sleep in it for a while.
Mom, you can't stop us from going back inside the house.
Oh, no? That's Mr. Conlan, the locksmith.
He's been very helpful today.
Of course, I could give you the new keys,
which would mean you'd have to adhere to my rules,
which include giving back your father's gifts.
Okay, fine, you win. I won't go to New York.
I'm outta here.
Oh, hello.
Welcome. I'm Edie.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
An open house in the suburbs?
This is beyond kitsch.
Just be have yourself.
This is one of the houses on the street
I've had a hard time getting into.
God, I wish you would let this go.
I'm taking you out for drinks tonight.
There's this cowboy bar called the
Saddle Ranch you need to see.
Why?
It's the last place anybody ever saw your sister.
Susan.
What brings you here?
I just wanted to say goodbye to Mary Alice's house
before somebody else moved in.
Aw.
That sounds almost plausible.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, come on.
We both know why you're here,
and the answer is yes, they are having sex.
No question.
You don't know what you're talking about.
They're just friends.
Hmm. Think so?
I overheard them say that they're
going to the Saddle Ranch tonight
for drinks and dancing.
So? Friends can do that.
Oh, my god.
I just want to slap and shake you.
Where did you say they were going tonight?
I don't know why I let you talk me into coming here.
There is obviously nothing going on between them.
Where are you going?
I'm going to the bathroom, and then I'm going home.
I don't want Mike to catch me here.
It's only been 10 minutes.
She could be waiting to make her move.
Oh, come on. You're not going to beat
a girl like that by knocking off early.
It's not a competition.
The hell it isn't.
Good night, Edie.
Suit yourself.
But for the record...
I was rooting for you to land him.
And why would you root for me?
Well, I figured it'd be easier for me
to steal Mike from you than her.
She seems like fun.
Just take some ant acid.
It's not those kind of cramps.
This is a business dinner.
It's important.
Mm.
Relax.
You and I can go alone.
Gabrielle can stay here and get better.
Fine.
See you in a couple of hours.
Okay.
Take good care of Carlos.
Oh, I always do.
Go, Edie!
Oh, god.
Mike.
What a small, small world.
Yeah, it sure is.
I caught Edie hiding in the back.
No kidding. Is she here?
Yeah.
Yeah, she said, um, "the jig is up,"
and then she went to ride the bull.
Oh, and she said you two came together.
Oh, well, yeah. W-we did.
Uh, I just thought she left.
Are you following me?
What?
No.
No, I just came here, you know, with Edie.
We just love to ride that bull.
You ride the bull?
Yeah. Yeah, it's a real rush.
Come on, Susan. Give me a break.
No, you know, you give me a break.
I did not follow you here,
and even if I had followed you here,
it's just because you've been so secretive about Kendra.
Kendra and I are friends.
And I came here to ride the bull.
Whoo!
We got another one to ride the bull!
Okay, little doggie,
you're up.
Oh, fun.
I'm a doggie.
Oh. Whoo.
Oh, yeah. I'm here to ride the bull.
Check it out. Whoo!
Yeah! Whoo!
Baby!
Whoo!
Aah! Ooh.
Andrew, you promised you'd stay with your mother.
That's why I gave you the car.
Dad, she wants me out.
She put all my stuff on the front lawn.
This is ridiculous.
I'm going to call her, and I'm going to smooth all this out.
You're going home.
No, dad, why?
Now I can live with you without feeling guilty.
It'll be perfect. It'll be like
our own little bachelor pad.
What?
Son, that's not going to happen.
Why not?
Andrew...
you know, these --these last few months
have been incredibly difficult for me.
There are a lot of things that I've got to work out for myself,
and I can't do it if you're living with me.
I'm sorry.
I don't care, all right?
I'm not going back there.
I don't think you have a choice.
But, dad --
unh-unh.
Oh.
Come on now. Don't --
Heath?
Yeah, it's me.
Do you still have your fake I.D.?
Yeah, I've got to go home and kiss my mother's
ass, and I am not going to do it sober.
"That was more than I needed to know."
He was in shock. He was totally shocked.
He says, "Congressman, this was a campaign.
This was not the vote. You voted already."
That's what it was.
I love that one.
Oh, the desserts look wonderful.
Lynette, do you need any help?
I got it covered. No problem.
Okay, Scavo, you're up.
Let's hear this genius idea of yours.
Okay.
Uh...
okay.
The single greatest obstacle facing
Spotless Scrub is a lack of visibility.
We need to concentrate ad spending in places
where women spend the majority of their time.
For example, large chain grocery stores.
Picture Spotless Scrub ads on the
side of every mother's shopping cart.
Interesting.
Oh, you know what'd be even better?
Dry cleaning bags.
What?
No, really, hear me out.
Put a big Spotless Scrub ad between
a woman and her cashmere sweater,
I guarantee you'll get her attention.
Honey, honey, that's great.
I'm in the middle of a thing here.
Oh.
Look - she's got a point.
I would notice that.
And those dry cleaning bags hang in our closets forever,
and so it is like constant advertising.
Exactly.
You know, maybe there's a way that
we can work that in, but back to me.
You know, Lynette, this is kind of a fantastic idea.
Can we go nation wide with this?
Why not? Start by targeting the top chain.
Then branch out from there.
Boom, boom, boom - mass saturation.
Oh, you know what else would be a great idea?
Here's the thing...
While Lynette was commanding everyone's attention,
Susan was trying to remain inconspicuous.
Everybody's looking at me, aren't they?
Just the slapstick fans.
Oh, god, why couldn't I have just
been knocked unconscious?
Beer?
Absolutely.
Oh.
Ow.
Ow, ow.
Susan, this is Kendra.
We've been introduced.
No, this is Kendra. We've been friends for years.
She's here on a visit. She's leaving tomorrow.
That's it.
It's true.
I have no designs on this man whatsoever.
I'll be right back.
Sorry about the misunderstanding.
Me too.
So how long have you two been seeing each other?
Well, you sort of interrupted our first date,
but up until then, smoking hot tension.
Sounds pathetic, I know.
No, I think it's good to take it slow.
You'd be smart to be careful.
Any particular reason?
Look, Mike's a wonderful guy, really,
but you should ask him why he moved to Wisteria Lane.
It's one hell of a story.
Here, I got some ice.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Well, it's been fun. Thanks, guys.
See you later.
Whoo-wee.
Good evening.
Well, good evening.
Have a seat.
I could get used to this whole closure thing.
I love long goodbyes.
Wait around the corner. I'll be right back.
Smile, Gabrielle.
Well, that's it, then.
What are you doing?
She had a camera. We've got to catch her.
Mrs. Solis, your husband's going to kill us.
Come on!
Leave me alone!
Give me that camera right now!
Shut up.
I'm not kidding, old woman!
Stay away from me! Don't touch me!
No.
No, you go home.
I'll take care of this.
And you were never here.
Go.
Go.
Did you see that?
That guy came barreling around the corner and just hit her.
Do you have a cell phone?
Yeah.
Call 911.
As Juanita teetered dangerously close to the white light,
Lynette and Tom were headed into a black hole.
I was just participating.
Well - no, your participation was supposed
to be limited to making dinner,
not making my ideas look bad.
Yeah, well, maybe you need better ideas.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that.
No. No, no, no, no.
We both know that your career was going
so much better than mine before we had kids.
You never let me forget that.
That is not fair.
You're always competing with me,
and judging by tonight, you know what? You still are.
Tom, I am sorry about tonight, truly,
but these days, if I'm competing with anyone,
it's the Bree Van De Kamps of the world,
with their spotless kitchens and their perfect kids
who throw fabulous parties where nothing ever goes wrong.
I try so hard to keep up, but I can't.
Lynette, that's not my expecta--
and when you work on a pitch or you bring the partners over,
I am reminded of a world I left behind where I was the winner
and people tried to keep up with me.
I can't go back. I can't win where I am.
I am stuck in the middle, and it is
really starting to get to me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
For your information,
I thought you threw an amazing dinner party tonight.
I was thrilled.
I don't know how you pulled it all together.
Yeah, well...
and whether you believe it or not,
everyone who knows you thinks
that you are a great wife and mother.
No, they don't.
Yes, they do.
Especially me.
Thanks.
What's wrong with your eyes?
Nothing. I'm tired.
Turn around. Wait a minute. I want to look at you. What --
I'm fine, really.
Wow, what's going on outside?
Oh, my...
oh, my god. Thank god you're here.
Will you go take care of Gabrielle?
I have to go home for a minute.
All right.
Oh, Andrew, thank god you're back.
I need your help, honey.
There's been an accident.
Andrew?
Mama?
Andrew.
Rex, you need to come home.
Something's happened, and we need you.
Competition.
It means different things to different people,
but whether it's a friendly rivalry
or a fight to the death...
Cheers.
The end result is the same.
There will be winners...
and there will be losers.
Of course, the trick is
to know which battles to fight.
You see...
no victory comes without a price.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
I just want to move this place fast.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Edie, wait.
It's so incomprehensible to me that
Edie Britt would try to destroy us.
For 5 grand, she's hurt.
10 grand, she's gone.
Some neighbors hired help...
how am I supposed to pull off
a formal dinner with no warning?
I don't know.
And some helped themselves.
I hate that she's always watching us.
Some just couldn't stop.
Smile, Gabrielle.
And one...
didn't stop in time.
Oh, Andrew, I need your help, honey.
Mama?
There is a widely read book that tells
us everyone is a sinner.
Of course, not everyone who reads this book
feels guilt over the bad things they do,
but Bree Van De Kamp did.
In fact, Bree had spent most of her life feeling guilty.
As a child, she felt guilty about not getting straight A's.
As a teenager, she felt guilty about
letting her boyfriend go to second base.
As a newlywed, she felt guilty about taking
three weeks to get out her thank-you cards.
But she knew the transgressions of her past
were nothing compared with the sin she was about to commit.
Can't we just go to the police and tell them it was an accident?
This wasn't some simple DUI.
Not only was your brother drinking,
Andrew left the scene of the crime.
That makes it a hit-and-run.
Maybe I could go to Canada.
You know, until the statute of limitations is up.
You really think mom and dad are going to foot the
bill while you go moose hunting for seven years?
If Carlos's mother dies, there is no statute of limitations.
Right, because then it's murder.
Shut up!
You shut up.
How could it be murder?
It was an accident!
We have to get rid of the car.
But we can't sell it.
The police might find it, and there could be DNA.
We'll take the car to a bad part of town,
we'll leave the keys in the ignition
and the doors unlocked.
If the police don't find it, we'll get
the insurance money, and if they do,
it wasn't in our possession.
Anyone could have hit Mrs. Solis.
That sounds good.
Bree, are you sure?
Our son could spend the rest of his life in jail.
I won't allow that.
Bree knew what she was about to do was wrong,
but like most sinners, she would
worry about her guilt tomorrow.
Well, everybody should go wash up.
We're having pancakes for breakfast.
Episode 8 : Guilty
Not since my own suicide had violence intruded
upon the serenity of life on Wisteria Lane
in such a conspicuous fashion.
Needless to say, my friends attacked
the problem head-on.
Lynette brought the broom,
Susan brought the trash bags,
and Bree brought the industrial-strength solvent.
Whoo. That stuff is strong.
It has to be.
I don't want Gabrielle and Carlos coming home
to this ugly reminder in front of their house.
So has anyone been over there?
Julie and I went over this morning.
How's Juanita doing?
She's been in a coma ever since
she came out of the E.R.
Nobody knows when, or even if, she'll wake up.
This is awful. Carlos must be just devastated.
I hope she wakes up soon. Maybe she can
tell us who was driving that car.
We can only hope.
Slow down, you jerk!
This is a residential neighborhood!
Wow, that's quite a pitching arm you've got there.
It pisses me off.
I've got four kids, you know?
I was up all night reading statistics on line.
1 out of every 4 traffic accidents
happens on residential streets.
I hope whoever hit Juanita gets put away for life.
Don't you think that's a little bit extreme?
An innocent woman gets hit by a car
and the driver just takes off?
I don't think it's extreme.
You should go home and get some rest, eat something.
You have a ton of messages from work.
Tanaka called, said it was urgent.
Carlos, I can stay here with your mother.
I need to be here if she wakes up.
You can't go on like this.
You have to take care of yourself.
What if she dies?
People slip into comas all the time and never come out.
Don't say that.
We need to stay positive.
Mr. and Mrs. Solis?
John.
Is it okay if I come in?
Of course.
Mr. Solis, uh...
I'm so sorry this happened.
It means a lot that you came.
Look, I think I'm going to go
down to the chapel and pray.
You want to come?
Um, no.
I think I will stay here with mama.
Is it all right if I come?
Of course.
We need all the prayers we can get.
Mrs. Solis, it's time for her sponge bath.
Come again?
Sometimes family members prefer to
administer sponge baths themselves.
I think I'll pass.
Martha.
Where's your purse?
Over there. Why?
What are you doing?
I am taking back the $40 that
you stole out of my purse.
Edie.
We both know you did it.
Now hand it over!
I have taken nothing from your purse.
And if you're missing money, I'd ask one of those
strange men you parade through here at all hours.
I am not going to apologize for having a healthy sex life.
Healthy?
I'm going to have to burn every sheet you've touched.
I want my money.
And I want those nonfat peach yogurts.
They didn't just walk out of that fridge by themselves.
Well, you can deduct it from the $40
that you're going to give me now.
You're my best friend.
Why would I steal from you?
It's no secret that you've been
having financial problems.
I hear you bitching on the phone to your bank.
That's it.
I can put up with your debauchery and your
food theft, but I will not tolerate spying.
I want you out.
You don't mean that.
Oh, yes, I do.
I'm leaving tomorrow to visit my sister for a few days.
I want you gone by the time I get back.
I'll do you one better.
I will leave today.
I hope this works.
My sleep cycle is totally out of whack.
I'm up all night, and then dozing off during the day.
Trust me. This'll do the trick.
In fact, you should be feeling more relaxed already.
You know, you're right.
Boys, I can hear you out there. Now be quiet.
Just sit there and color.
Now is not a good time to be moving.
Right. Sorry.
Just block everything out
and let it go.
Imagine that you're in a forest.
There's a babbling brook nearby,
and the wind is just coming through the trees.
Mommy.
Parker.
I don't know --
ow - what you think you're doing,
but put that back where it belongs.
Sorry.
You were saying something about wind.
I was just creating a soothing image.
Oh, for the love of god.
Knock it off, you little monsters.
Mrs. Scavo, please lie down.
We need to finish this.
Look, I'm on my last nerve, so I'm
going to level with you here.
I've screwed up my entire system by
taking my kids' A.D.D. medication.
Yeah, that's right. You heard me.
I plan to stop, but right now, I need to sleep,
and I need more than a few crappy
needles, so what do you got?
I'm not licensed to write prescriptions.
I know you're not.
This will put you right to sleep.
It's a very powerful herbal remedy.
Now, promise me you're going to use it judiciously.
Sure. Whatever.
Knock, knock.
Hey, come on in.
You're a mess.
I-I'm tearing out these leaky pipes
in the upstairs bathroom.
Wall to wall rotten wood.
Hmm, sounds like a job.
So Julie said that you came by before?
Um, yeah. Uh...
I was thinking about driving up to the Germani
Vineyard tomorrow for this wine tasting, and, uh...
What time do you want me to be ready?
About 6:00.
6:00 is good.
All right.
You know, I thought maybe afterwards, we could
have a little dinner, maybe some dancing.
Sounds great.
Um, you do know that it's, like,
a 2-hour drive up there,
and isn't that kind of late to be coming back?
I thought if, you know, worse came to worst,
we could grab a room.
Oh?
Like a hotel room?
Yeah, as a last resort.
Of course. Of course, yes.
So maybe we should make reservations.
You know, just in case.
Yeah, I found some hotels online.
Let me get the printout.
Hey, Bongo. Come here.
You want a treat?
Hey, Mike, where do you keep the dog biscuits?
I'm sorry, what?
Oh, never mind.
We'll just find them ourselves, huh?
We're going to find them ourselves.
I'm sorry, Susan. I couldn't hear you. What'd you say?
Nothing.
It's not important.
It's my tile guy. Here, see what looks good.
Hey, Phil.
Um, no, no, tomorrow morning I'm making a lumber run.
It's no good.
Uh, nope, I'm gone tomorrow night, too.
I could let him in.
No, that's okay. Thanks.
No, it's fine.
Just give me the key.
I'll be around all day.
All right, um, thanks.
Phil, I'll give a key to my, uh, neighbor.
She'll be here to let you in.
Like every city, Fairview had a neighborhood
that was less than desirable.
It was an accepted fact anyone who lingered
there after midnight was usually up to no good.
Rex and Bree Van De Kamp were no exception.
You really think this is going to work?
& nbsp;
This is the most impoverished
neighborhood in the city.
Trust me, somebody will steal the car.
How can you be so sure?
Because I have faith in the poor.
She's so beautiful.
I shot this last year on her birthday.
How are you going to do it?
I made contact with her at a bar.
She thinks I'm a real estate developer.
Is she going to suffer?
No.
Edie Britt will disappear,
and you'll go back to your life.
Before you do it,
do you think you could ask her why
she sent this note to my wife?
You can't think like that, Mr. Young.
You can't give in to your curiosity.
Curiosity leads to guilt.
Guilt leads to talking.
You still have questions?
I want to be clear about something --
I walk away with this cash, it's done.
No refunds, no buyer's remorse.
I get it.
We won't talk again, so I'll ask one more time.
Are you sure you want this?
My wife is dead because of Edie Britt.
I absolutely want this.
You've been awfully quiet.
I've just been...
thinking about the kids.
They sure grew up quickly, didn't they?
They sure did.
I remember telling them when they were babies
that they weren't allowed to get any bigger
because they were so adorable,
and we were so happy.
Yeah, well...
they sure didn't turn out like we expected them to.
No.
They didn't.
We could have been better parents.
We weren't that bad.
We still have so much to teach them.
For starters, we need to get across to
Andrew the enormity of what he's done.
I-I suppose we could punish him.
All right, well, what's the appropriate punishment
for a child who drives over a woman?
I-I don't know.
You know no matter how the kids turn out,
I still love them.
Of course you do.
But I'll never forgive them for growing up so quickly.
Hey. Look.
And then I opened the cabinet,
and there was all this money in it.
I mean, there was wads of it.
That's why you're freaking out?
A few stacks of cash? Come on.
Well, what? Realistically, I've
known this guy a few weeks.
I mean, he could be a hit man for the mob.
If you really think that, why are
you going on a trip with him?
I never get out of the house.
Mom, if you really need something to freak out about,
just remember you're going to spend
the night with Mike in a hotel.
No man has seen you naked
in years except your doctor.
Yeah, and he retired. I try
not to take that personally.
You look old in that.
Oh.
Maybe I am being silly.
But going to a hotel with a man is a big deal to me.
What if Mike is hiding something?
Like what?
I don't know.
That's dad.
I got to go.
Now, listen to me.
No more freaking out.
I need this weekend to go well.
Why do you care so much?
Because I'm going to have a
husband of my own someday,
and I really don't want you living with us.
Are the lady fingers okay?
Oh, they're terrific.
We just appreciate y'all stopping by.
Well, we just wanted you to know how much we care.
So have the police come up with any leads?
Not really.
They'll be able to determine the
make and model of the car,
but without any eyewitnesses,
no one seems very optimistic.
Well, more importantly, is there
any good news about Juanita?
No change.
All we can do is wait and hope for the best.
We put her on our prayer list at church.
Oh, that's very sweet, Danielle. Thank you.
It must really help during times like these --
having kids.
Yeah, they're a blessing.
Children make everything worthwhile.
You guys are the future.
Legacy.
Thanks.
After we're all dead, you'll be
the only ones left to carry on.
Gabrielle and I are about to start a family.
Oh, hey, that- that's great.
When did you decide this?
It's a fairly recent development.
I see.
We'll talk about this later.
Face it,
we're shallow people.
I mean, can our lives have any meaning
if all we ever do is buy stuff?
That depends on what we buy.
I want a child.
In case you've forgotten, before we
got married, we made a deal.
No kids.
Yeah, well, deals were meant to be renegotiated.
Well, we're not negotiating my uterus.
We should probably be going.
Yeah. Mm.
Thank you so much.
That was weird.
I feel awful for Carlos.
That talk about children is obviously
coming from his grief.
Whatever.
I'm off the hook.
A weary Lynette drank her potent tea in hopes of
finally finding the sleep that had eluded her.
Unfortunately for Lynette,
there would be no rest for the weary.
Go to hell.
Go to hell, go to hell, go to hell,
go to hell, go to hell.
Sorry we're late. Kenny Litman
couldn't find his neckerchief.
Come on, guys.
Lori Jean, the scout meeting is today?
Mommy.
What? Oh.
Right. Okay, boys.
This knot is called the bowline.
It is a remarkably useful knot.
Now, pick up your ropes.
Okay, first, we cross this end over here,
and then we make a loop,
and then another loop,
and then you sort of pull it through, I'm guessing,
and then you just - ready?
Yank it taut.
Mommy, that doesn't look like the picture.
You're never going to be a sailor. What do you care?
Okay, everybody, let's just take a break.
Thanks.
Okay. It's all up there.
Can I get a signature?
Oh, of course.
Thank you very much.
Here you go.
Have a nice weekend.
You too, lady.
Hey, ma'am! You still here?
I forgot to give you a receipt!
Ma'am?
Hello?!
I need help! I'm up here!
I'm trapped in the floor! Hello!
If you came in here to judge me,you can just leave.
Wait! Wait! No.
Wait. Don't - don't go.
Wait, I have an idea.
Here, here, here.
Here. Grab the towel, Bongo.
Come on, grab the other end.
Good boy.
That's it. Get the other end.
Come on, Bongo!
Pull the other end! Come on, Bongo!
What are you doing? Bongo, over here!
Bongo?
Oh --oh, don't do that. Oh, Bongo.
While Susan remained hopelessly stuck,
Gabrielle was moving to confront the issue
of her young lover's restless conscience...
Nobody's home.
I know. I've been watching.
I came to talk to you.
Although she would need to be discreet.
Keep working.
What were you thinking, showing up at the hospital?
I had to see if she was okay.
You need to keep a low profile right now.
Look... you and I are finished.
From now on, I'm sticking with Danielle.
Why would you say that?
I hate myself for what we did.
Okay, I can't sleep at night.
I've got to make a clean break.
We weren't driving the car.
We didn't chase Juanita into the street.
She wouldn't have been there if
we weren't having an affair.
Oh, for god's sakes, between you and Carlos...
listen to me carefully. You didn't do anything wrong.
That's not what Father Crowley thinks.
What?
I went to confession.
Have you lost your mind?
What did you tell him?
Everything.
Including...
in the alley behind the truck stop?
Everything.
Oh, damn you.
What is wrong with you?
Lassie would have had a fire truck here by now,
you stupid dog.
Good boy, Bongo!
Run, Bongo, run! Go get help!
Andrew, um...
I know the last few days
have been stressful, and, uh...
you know, if you ever need to talk to anybody...
I know, I know. You and dad are here for me.
Actually, I was thinking we could arrange
for you to talk to a professional.
A shrink?
You think I'm crazy?
Of course not.
It's just that the accident probably
stirred up a lot of emotions,
and it would be normal for you to be feeling
confused or depressed or ashamed.
I'm cool.
Um, really.
Honey, you put a woman into a coma.
Surely that arouses some kind of emotion.
Yeah, well, it doesn't.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
No, I won't. Not until you tell me.
Why do you care?
Because I need to know that you're not a monster.
You want to know how I feel?
Yeah.
Okay, here goes.
I feel bad that she got hurt,
but I also feel bad that my car got dinged
because somebody didn't have enough sense to
look both ways before she crossed the street.
And I also feel bad that now I'm going
to have to ride my bike to school.
Andrew, you almost killed another human being.
She's an old lady, okay?
She's lived her life.
I have my whole life ahead of me,
and now it might be screwed up.
That's what you should be worried about.
What I'm worried about, Andrew, is that
you don't seem to have a soul.
Give me one good reason why I
shouldn't call the police.
Because I'm your son.
That would make you the monster.
Hey, buddy.
Susan, is that you?
Mike? I'm upstairs... sort of.
Hang on. I'll - I'll be right up.
What happened?
Well, see, this bird, um...
flew in your bathroom window,
and I tried to save it, but, uh...
it died.
I don't think that's what happened.
I don't think so, either.
Can you just help me get out of here, please?
Come on.
Thank you.
You have no idea what that was like.
You went through my cabinets.
What?
Oh, I can explain that.
Get out of my house.
Mike --
Get out.
Hello there.
Good afternoon.
Oh. Well, isn't this just as pretty as a picture book.
Well, the plan is to put in a small condo.
You want to make some money,
or you want to pussyfoot around?
What do you suggest?
I'm thinking strip mall.
I've run some numbers.
Nice stationery.
Oh, it's stolen.
What do you mean?
After my house burned down, I was staying
with this neighbor Martha Huber.
That is, until the old troll threw me out.
Anyway, I'd steal her stuff, she'd steal mine.
It's the circle of life.
So this paper is hers.
Oh, god, yes.
No, Tom, you can't do this to me.
Because I need you home.
Boys, stop it! I am on the phone!
Well, yeah, I-I realize it's not your fault
that the meeting got postponed,
but you promised you'd be back tonight.
I-I-I got to go. The kids are --
yeah, I know you're sorry.
Just will you try and get back as soon as you can?
Okay. Bye.
Boys, would you please, please stop it?
Really, really, mommy's got a headache, okay?
Just - ugh.
turn that damn thing off!
What's the matter with you?!
Why won't you listen to me?!
You want noise?!
What?
I just came over to say I'm sorry,
and I'll pay for all the damage.
Don't worry about it.
Well, so...
in your mind, I-is the date off?
Well, you snooped around my house
and went through my stuff.
Yeah, in my book, that's pretty much a deal breaker.
Hold on a minute.
Now, I started snooping around
because I found all that money by accident,
and then I found a gun.
Are you a drug dealer or something?
Is that what you think?
Well, I wouldn't know, because you never let me in.
You know, there's this whole part of your life
that you keep completely walled off.
I have a gun for protection.
I keep cash for emergencies.
I'm a good guy,
Susan, and you should know that.
I'm - I'm not obligated to share every
little detail of my life with you.
Well, every little detail is one thing.
You know, weird, creepy secrets, that's another.
I don't want to be with somebody who doesn't trust me.
Well, maybe we shouldn't be dating.
Maybe we shouldn't.
Do you mean that?
Yeah.
Well, I hope that your, you know, little
secret keeps you warm at night,
because you're throwing something
really great away to protect it.
Susan, you got to take my kids for a while.
Lynette, this just really isn't the time --
no, no, I'm sorry, but I can't do this.
It's just --it's too much.
Boys, you stay with your aunt Susan.
Lynette, you know, when are you coming back?
Lynette?!
Lynette!
There's Lynette's car. She's got to be close.
I hope the kids aren't too much for Danielle to handle.
She'll be fine.
What do you think's happening with Lynette?
I don't know, but I'm scared.
Something's very, very wrong.
Lynette, honey?
Are you okay?
Father.
I'm - I'm so glad you could
come and pray for mama.
Please, sit, sit.
Thank you, Gabrielle.
Listen, since you're here,
there's something I've always wondered about.
That whole thing about priests not being allowed
to repeat what they hear in confessions --
is that a hard rule or just a general guide line?
Rest assured, everyone's secrets are safe.
That's good to hear.
I'll keep yours, too, if you want to talk.
Oh, me?
No, no.
Confession's not really my thing.
That's a shame.
Okay, you can stop condemning me with your eyes.
Right now.
I know you know about the affair,
but you know nothing about my life.
Look, it's not even an issue anymore.
John and I are finished.
Gabrielle, the church is pretty clear on this.
If you commit a mortal sin and
you die without repenting,
you go to hell.
Well, aren't you just a ball of fun.
So if I confess, it'll clean the slate, right?
Not only that.
If you want god's forgiveness,
you have to be truly sorry,
and you have to promise not to commit the sin again.
So what happens if I repent later,
like, say, when I'm 75?
I wouldn't recommend waiting.
What if you die before then?
Well, let's say I don't die.
I do yoga, I eat well.
If I wait, does my repenting still count?
If you mean it, yes.
Thank you, father Crowley.
You have been a tremendous comfort.
Um, I will let you do your thing.
Gabrielle.
You know, we're all responsible
for the choices we make.
Don't you want to be a good person?
What I want is to be happy.
That's the answer of a selfish child.
I know.
Then I started taking the pills
because they gave me energy,
but then I couldn't sleep at night,
and I was getting so tired in the daytime,
and it totally messed me up.
I love my kids so much.
I'm so sorry they have me as a mother.
Lynette, you are a great mother.
No, I'm not.
I can't do it.
I'm so tired of feeling like a failure.
It's so humiliating.
No, it's not.
So you got addicted to your
kids' A.D.D. medication.
It happens.
You've got four kids. That's a lot of stress.
Honey, you just need some help.
That's what's so humiliating.
Other moms don't need help.
Other moms make it look so easy.
All I do is complain.
That's not true.
When - when Julie was a baby,
I-I was out of my mind almost every day.
I used to get so upset when Andrew
and Danielle were little,
I used their nap times to cry.
Why didn't you ever tell me this?
Oh, baby.
Nobody likes to admit that they
can't handle the pressure.
I think it's just like we think, you know,
it's easier to keep it all in.
Oh, we shouldn't.
We should tell each other this stuff.
It helps, huh?
Yeah.
It really does.
So it was Martha Huber all along.
Seems so.
Edie didn't move in with Huber until after
your wife received the blackmail note.
My god. We almost killed an innocent woman.
Like I said, I don't do refunds,
but if you'd like,
I'm willing to pay Mrs. Huber a visit.
No. Just keep the money.
This whole thing's been tearing me up --
the nightmares, the guilt.
This isn't what Mary Alice would have wanted.
What would she have wanted?
Answers.
Hello, Mrs. Huber.
Paul.
Let me give you a hand.
That's really not necessary.
I insist.
Ants, huh?
Yes. I've had a little infestation problem.
I wanted to take care of it before I left on my trip.
Never had a problem with ants.
Mary Alice and I had these little black flies once.
Oh?
She was so funny about it.
She ran out and bought herself a can of
poison something to spray them down,
so she's taking aim at one on
the counter, and she just,
stops, puts the can down.
Couldn't do it.
She told me later it felt too personal.
She truly couldn't kill a fly.
That's how gentle she was.
Then you must have lived with quite a few flies.
I'm going to have to say good
night to you now, Paul.
What are you doing here?
I want to know why.
I know you've got a lot of questions,
and I also know I don't want to lose you,
so ask me anything you want.
You just told me everything I need to know.
All right.
My idiot husband died and left
me with a worthless pension.
I was desperate for money,
and it's better to take it from
a bad person than a good one.
How was I supposed to know she'd shoot herself?
She was a good person.
A good person who leaves her child motherless?
Read the bible, Paul. Suicide's a big no-no.
Don't you feel any remorse what so ever?
Why should I?
Your wife didn't kill herself because I wrote a note.
She killed herself because of what
she did to that poor baby.
But rest assured,
I'm praying for Mary Alice.
After what she did, she'll need all of our prayers.
There is a widely read book that
tells us everyone is a sinner.
Of course, not everyone feels guilt
over the bad things they do.
In contrast, there are those who assume
more than their share of the blame.
There are others who soothe their consciences
with small acts of kindness...
or by telling themselves their sins were justified.
Finally, there are the ones who simply
vow to do better next time
and pray for forgiveness.
Sometimes their prayers are answered.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
one was careless...
you put a woman into a coma.
Surely that arouses some kind of emotion.
Well, it doesn't.
You and I are finished.
One said goodbye...
I'm so tired of feeling like a failure.
One almost lost it...
your wife didn't kill herself because I wrote a note.
She killed herself because of what
she did to that poor baby.
And one got exactly
what she deserved.
Gabrielle was waiting for her next great idea.
Her first great idea came when she was 15,
after her stepfather paid her a late-night visit.
She bought a bus ticket to New York the very next day.
Her next occurred five years later when she decided
to seduce a famous fashion photographer.
One week later, she began her career as a runway model,
which soon led to her next great idea --
her decision to marry Carlos Solis.
Before she knew it, she had jumped off
the runway and moved to the suburbs.
Her most recent great idea was born out
of her boredom with her new life.
That's how she came to start an affair
with her teenage gardener,
which was cut short by a tragic accident,
so once again, Gabrielle was in need of a great idea.
Mrs. Solis, I know you're worried,
but it's going to take time.
Hmm?
What is?
You look sad.
I assume you're thinking about your mother-in-law.
Oh, no.
So, uh, what were you thinking about?
My life.
It hasn't turned out like I thought it would.
Oh, honey.
Oh, no, I-I know I shouldn't complain.
It's just there's something missing,
and I don't know what it is.
Do you ever feel that way?
Mm, no.
When I go home at night, I sleep like a baby,
'cause I know I did something that
day that helped people.
That must be a nice feeling.
Hmm. It is.
Of course, there's times I wish
I didn't have to work so hard.
We've got a real nursing shortage here,
and they keep cutting our budget and --
Attention, all available personnel --
code blue, stat, room 214.
Excuse me.
Attention, all available personnel --
code blue, stat, room 214.
Damn it, get a doctor in here! I don't have an airway.
No time. I have to intubate.
Mr. Getz? Mr. Getz, listen.
You're not dying on me, okay?
This tube is to help you breathe.
I need you to be brave now.
It was then that Gabrielle got her next great idea.
She decided to throw the first annual Sacred Heart charity
fashion show to raise money for more nursing staff.
Gabby, Gabby, I can't do it.
I cannot walk down a runway in one of these dresses.
They all make me look so fat.
Please get someone to take my place. Please.
Betty, listen to me.
No, no, please --
listen, Betty, okay?
You're not quitting on me now.
We're going to find you a gown.
It's going to be black and slimming,
and you're going to look great.
I need you to be brave now.
Okay.
And that night, when she went to bed,
Gabrielle slept like a baby.
Episode 8 : Suspicious Minds
News of the fashion show spread quickly on Wisteria Lane.
Though the event was for charity,
Gabrielle soon discovered when it
came to the latest fashions,
women are seldom charitable.
No one knew this better than Edie Britt.
She understood that treachery never goes out of style.
& nbsp;
Susan.
Give me the dress.
I gave it a shot.
Hmm.
Hi, Helen.
Hi.
How's the dress fitting?
Great. Maybe it could be taken
out in the shoulder a little.
Sure, no problem.
There you go.
You know, Gabrielle, I-I never thanked you properly.
For what?
For what you did for my son.
It was so nice of you to hire John as your gardener.
Believe me, it's been my pleasure.
How's he doing?
Good. Good.
I hear he's dating Danielle Van De Kamp.
Oh, for now. I think it's just a matter of
time before they break up for good.
What's wrong?
Oh, she just seems to want much more of
a relationship than he does.
You remember what it was like dating teenage boys.
V aguely.
Thank you.
No, you tell that son of a bitch Tanaka
that if he doesn't call me in an hour,
I'm going to go down to his office,
find him, and kick his ass.
Ladies.
Trouble at work?
I don't know what his problem is.
He's making money left and right.
I just wish he'd relax.
Crap, crap, crap.
I'm telling you, all of the good dresses are taken.
Now what the hell am I supposed to wear?
Well, Mrs. Huber never showed up.
Why don't you wear this one?
This is an old lady dress.
You won't even be able to see my body.
That is so like you, Edie.
You're always thinking of others.
So why isn't Mrs. Huber here?
Last I heard, she went to visit her sister.
I just can't believe that Martha
would agree to wear this.
She always said she'd never
be caught dead in black.
Sadly for Mrs. Huber,
this was no longer the case.
Hey, mom.
Julie, you'll never guess who you got a letter from.
Zach. Isn't that weird --him writing you?
Yeah.
Well, open. Open, open, open.
He - he could have said something about Dana.
I'll read it later.
Later? What's wrong with now?
I've got tons of homework, mom.
Julie, what's going on?
This isn't the first letter I've gotten from Zach.
We've been writing each other
the last couple of weeks.
Are you mad?
No.
Just when I was your age, my pen pal lived on
a farm in Ohio, not in a mental institution.
You know, that letter is one notch above prison mail.
Zach's not crazy.
He's just upset over his mom, and his dad
doesn't even seem to care.
He just needs a friend.
I packed the diapers,
I'm getting the juice boxes and the carrot sticks --
sunscreen?
Got it.
I go pick up the boys, we hit the park,
and that should give you a good couple of hours.
Enjoy the vacation.
What?
While you're gone, I'll be here paying bills
and sorting laundry and cooking dinner,
so what part of that sounds like a vacation?
Okay, right, you know what?
We'll pick up dinner.
and you just take a hot bath, relax, recharge.
& nbsp;
Okay, I get it.
It's going to take more than a hot bath to recharge,
but, uh, don't forget, I'm here all week.
Then what?
And then we go back to normal?
Tom, our last version of normal had me popping pills.
Normal is a bad, bad plan.
Okay, so we'll put our heads together,
and we'll come up with a solution.
I think we need to hire a nanny full-time.
That's just such a big, big commitment.
I know, and I know we can't afford it,
and I know everything that's happened is my fault,
but if I don't get some help,
there's an excellent chance I will lose my mind.
Okay, well, then, we have to make it work.
Next up, the 200-meter freestyle.
It's just not right.
What?
A woman is in a coma because of Andrew,
and there he is, happy as a clam.
Well, we grounded him, we took
away the tv in his room.
How many more ways you want to punish him?
Swimmers, take your marks.
I think we should make him quit the swim team.
Bree, this is the one thing in his
life that he's passionate about.
Well, maybe if we take it away from him,
then he'll start to understand what he did.
He has not shown an ounce of
remorse since the accident.
Of course he feels bad.
He's just, you know, keeping up a facade.
Well, he's doing a fabulous job.
Look, if we take him off the swim team,
he'll lose his shot at an athletic scholarship,
and then he's never going to forgive us.
Well, if it ensures he grows up with some trace of
humanity, then that's a risk I am willing to take.
Well, I'm not.
That's because you just don't
love him as much as I do.
Well, isn't that nice?
It's just a fact. I'm his mother.
He lived inside of me.
He hung out in your womb for a few
months back in the '80s.
Since then, I have grown to love
him just as much as you.
What just happened?
That kid you both love so much just won the race.
John.
My mom said you needed volunteers, so I volunteered.
Oh.
Finally got the charity bug?
You sound surprised.
No, not really.
You were always a giver.
Would you knock it off?
My mom's right over there.
Have a seat.
You can start by helping us alphabetize
the donation cards.
So word on the street is you and
Danielle might break up.
Maybe. I don't know.
Is that because of me?
Not everything is about you.
Would you stop that?
Have you been thinking about me?
No.
Really?
Could have fooled me.
Hey, do you need any help?
Please. Just pull up a chair.
Oh, gosh.
That's okay. I got it.
Ow! Oh!
Susan, hi.
Do you want to help with the seating cards?
Sure. Do you want to tell me why you had your
foot in John Rowland's crotch yesterday?
Oh, that.
Uh, he was helping me adjust the seam in my stocking,
and from your angle, it must have looked a little weird.
You're sleeping with him, aren't you?
Okay.
Yes, but you have to promise not to tell anybody.
Gabrielle, he's in high school, and
it's illegal, and you're married.
If Carlos found out, this would kill him.
It's just sex. It's totally harmless.
How can you call something like this harmless?
After everything you know about
what I went through with Karl?
This isn't about you.
Yes, it is.
It's about me and about every other person who
was screwed over by somebody they loved.
When Karl ran off with Brandi, you saw
what a basket case I was.
I was crying, I-I was tearing up his clothes.
I couldn't get out of bed all day.
You were right there. How could you do the same thing?
Okay, how can you compare me to Karl? That's not fair.
You have no idea what my life is like.
Well, why don't you enlighten me?
You're beautiful, you have more
money than you can spend,
and you have a husband who adores you.
No, he doesn't adore me.
He adores having me.
That's a rationalization, and you know it.
See you at the show.
Okay, honey. There you go.
How many nannies did you interview?
10. 10, each one more incompetent than the last.
One actually asked me --
there you go --
if she was expected to change diapers.
Good nannies are so hard to find.
Yeah, that's why I was hoping to take
advantage of your expertise.
Oh, lord. What do you want me to do?
All your rich friends have nannies - A-list nannies.
I need to catch one --
here you go --
without their bosses.
Why?
So I can poach me one.
Lynette --
look, at my old job, we didn't wait
for good people to come to us.
We went out and raided other companies.
I don't see why it should be different
when you're hiring a nanny.
I understand that good help is hard to find, but
stealing a family's nanny is so unseemly.
I'm not twisting anyone's arm.
If I make a better offer, why shouldn't
a qualified person reap the benefits?
So come on.
Where can I score some high-grade nanny?
Hey, Mrs. Solis.
I have some awesome news.
I have some not-so-awesome news, so you go first.
Broke it off with Danielle.
I passed her a note during French class.
So we can be together.
John, your timing is impeccable.
What do you mean?
Susan Mayer saw us last night,
and she knows everything.
Since the accident, Bree had started to worry her son's
sense of morality was going up in smoke.
She was right to be concerned.
Andrew?
Can I come in?
Uh, yeah, just a sec.
Hey.
What's up?
Why are you smiling?
Um, it's just a...
joke that I heard.
Oh. What was it about?
Well, it's kind of dirty, mom.
Charming.
What I was wondering is if you've bothered to
spend any time reflecting on the reasons
that you've been grounded and all the pain
that you've caused the Solis family.
Yeah, I-I totally get how my actions have
affected, like, everything else.
Really?
Uh-huh.
I-I mean, you know, like when I
do something like I did,
and, you know, you got to do something like you did,
which is --which is, you know, it's - it's cool,
because, um... then everything just kind
of balances itself out and --
and goes all smooth again, you know?
No, I don't.
What's that smell?
Have you been smoking marijuana?
No, of course not.
You are strung out.
No. No, no, no, mom.
Excuse me.
What's that?
It's the container you'll be urinating into. Come on.
Ow, ow. Ow, that hurts.
Dr. Sicher. What are you doing here?
Mr. Young, I --
I didn't want to upset you by
telling you over the phone.
What is it?
Zach is missing from Silvercrest.
It happened yesterday evening.
We think it happened during the shift change.
I know this is difficult to hear.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, it's, uh... just been one of those days.
I still don't get why you're not
with Danielle anymore.
She looked so slutty at Ray's party.
She's not my type, I guess.
What, oh, you still hung upon your
mysterious married lady?
What is it with her?
Besides the obvious, of course.
We talk about real stuff, you know?
She doesn't treat me like some lame yard boy.
But you are a lame yard boy.
It's all messed up now anyway.
Her friend found out about us.
If it gets out, her husband's going to kill me.
Huh. But on the upside, your social status
at school is going to explode
when people find out you're doing a hot housewife.
Shut up, dude.
Please explain to me how he could just walk out.
With the money that I pay you people,
I think you could afford a pad lock.
With all due respect, we are not a high-security facility,
and you have restricted our ability to treat Zach.
What the hell does that mean?
You've insisted we medicate him
without psycho therapy.
That is a recipe for disaster.
Zach is a troubled young man,
and he's getting progressively worse.
Hungry?
I'm starving.
Bree had given Lynette the low
down on Valley View Park.
It was a gathering place for up scale
nannies and their young charges.
It was Lynette's first time there, and she was
determined not to go home alone.
Of course, Lynette had high standards,
so making a connection...
wasn't easy.
Still, she was desperate to find
that special someone.
And that's exactly who she found.
Wash your hands. Okay.
All righty. Here's one for you and one for Amy.
All right, have fun, and I'll be right
here if you need me, okay?
From the moment she saw her...
is this seat taken?
No. Go ahead.
Lynette knew she had to have her.
You know, I couldn't help but notice how
wonderful you are with those children.
Thanks.
I'm Lynette.
Claire.
Claire?
Always loved that name.
So, Claire
do you come here often?
What's this?
Your son's urine.
I'm going to need a moment.
I think Andrew has been smoking marijuana,
so I want you to take this and
get it tested right away.
Why?
Because I want you to pull him from the swim team,
and I don't think you'll allow it without proof.
Proof or no proof, you're not going
to take him off the team.
Yes, I am.
If you try, I'm going to go to the coach
and tell him to ignore you.
We're not going to screw up Andrew's future
just because he sparked a doobie.
I mean, come on, we've all done it.
Not all of us.
Rex, I thought you moved back home
to try and straighten Andrew out,
to teach him the consequences of his actions.
I don't understand why you're fighting me on this.
Because I disagree, because
we're still getting divorced,
and I don't have to let you push me around anymore.
I never pushed you around.
We always made our decisions together.
No, you always make decisions,
then tell me I agree.
18 years of smiling and taking it - what a liar I was.
Thank god you're out of my life.
Rex.
What the hell are you doing?
Same thing you just did to every memory
I have of our marriage.
You know what?
If you were my mom, I'd smoke pot, too!
So your boss made you return her underwear?
Yep, after she had already worn them once.
Couldn't you have just said no?
You don't say no to Alexis if
you want to keep your job.
She sounds awful.
What can I do? I love the kids.
Boy, if we had a nanny like you at my house,
we would treat her like gold.
Did I mention I have four very lovable kids?
Really?
Oh, yes.
Oh, no.
What?
It's Alexis.
I don't want her to get the wrong
idea, so you should go.
Are you going to be here tomorrow?
I want to see you again.
No. I'm busy.
I just want to talk.
Lynette, this isn't right.
Claire, Claire, please.
All right.
I will be at this address until noon tomorrow.
Now go.
Okay.
Hi. Where are the kids?
What are you doing here?
I know you know,
and you're probably freaking out,
so I just wanted to explain.
What me and Mrs. Solis have --
it's deep,
you know? We've got a future.
It's not just sex.
Listen to me.
There is no future for you and Gabrielle.
She's not going to divorce Carlos
and run away with you.
Why not?
Because he has money --a lot of it.
Look, I'm not going to be mowing lawns forever.
I have big plans for my life.
Wow, okay.
You know, just stop talking.
John, how old are you?
Almost 18.
Exactly.
You are not mature enough to have a realistic
perspective on this relationship.
You would be so much happier
with a girl your own age.
She's the one I want.
You know, I really love her.
Please let's welcome Mrs. Arlene Nord!
We have Arlene and her husband Norris to thank
for all our folding chairs this evening,
so please remember for all your folding
chair needs, rent Nord's.
Next up we have Mrs. Betty Nolan.
Betty is looking...
Thank god Tom could fill in at the last minute.
Why did Carlos have to back out?
Some work emergency. He wouldn't talk about it.
Sometimes I could just kill him.
Well, look on the bright side --
Tom's having the time of his life.
Hands off, fellas. She's all mine.
I guess he does sort of have a dorky charm.
Okay, Bree, you're up first,
followed by Lynette.
Okay.
Uh, and then Edie.
Edie. Where's Edie Britt?!
Over here!
Edie, what did you do to that dress?
Well, I made it audience-friendly.
Can you tell I'm not wearing any underwear?
Yes.
Good.
Sorry I'm late.
You should never take this dress
off for your entire life.
Really? I look okay?
Oh, Susan, you look so gorgeous.
Doesn't she, Edie?
Uh, it's a bit much.
Gabrielle, you have to change the lineup.
Susan has to go last. Nothing is going to top this.
Oh, no, isn't Helen Rowland going last?
Well, she never showed up.
Somebody's got to take her place.
Yeah, I think that's a great idea.
Okay, let's go.
You really do look fantastic.
Next up we have Mrs. Bree Van De Kamp
in a pink party dress with laser cut
full skirt and silk belt.
And here's another exquisite ball gown by Halston,
modeled by the devastatingly sexy Lynette Scavo.
Notice the fine detail,
the clean lines...
the dress is nice, too.
Next up, please welcome Edie...
Britt.
Edie britt.
Please tell Gabrielle I'm sorry
I backed out of the show.
I'm just not in a very festive mood right now.
Helen.
Helen, you're here.
Did they tell you about the change in the lineup?
I'm going to go last. I hope that's okay.
There's a special place in hell
for people like you.
I'm sorry. It wasn't my decision.
You're an adult.
Take some responsibility.
What is wrong with you?
Edie is wearing a dignified classic,
perfect for a Sunday tea or christening.
For god's sake, Helen, this is for charity!
Edie Britt, everyone.
Keep your hands off my son.
What?!
And, uh, finally, to cap off our evening...
Come on. You're on.
Please welcome the radiant
Susan Mayer!
Tom, say something.
A vision in white silk,
chiffon with gold,
hand-beaded french lace,
and lavender marabou.
Susan Mayer.
Oh, she's never looked better..
Susan, I feel awful about what happened.
Susan, talk to me.
Okay, you want me to talk?
You're going to find Helen Rowland,
and you're going to tell her the truth
before everyone in this neighborhood thinks that
I'm the one sleeping with an underage boy.
I can't do that.
Why not?
Because she'll tell Carlos, and he'll divorce me.
So what? You obviously don't love him.
I do love him. I-I do.
It's just... complicated.
You know? There's --
there's got to be another way to fix this.
God. You are so weak.
Susan, don't be like this.
What did you expect, a hug?
Hey.
Shh.
I took --
Alexis is still here.
Oh.
She was supposed to go to pilates,
but she got her period.
You got to go.
Just give me a second.
No. She saw you at the park, okay?
She knows what you're trying to do.
You're not the first person to approach me.
Claire!
How can you stay here after the way she treats you?
She can be tough,
but it comes with the territory, right?
I would never treat you that way.
Claire, what did you do with the aspirin?!
I will give you a 20% bump on what
she's paying you, plus overtime.
Damn it, Claire, where the hell are you?!
I don't take orders from your friends,
I'm not a telephone answering service,
and I don't do laundry.
Dishes?
Only the kids'.
How fast can you pack?
I got a nanny
Where are you going to go?
I don't know,
but I can't go home.
Are you afraid of your dad?
No, it's not him, all right?
It's - it's me. My life is really messed up.
It's bad.
What's bad? You can tell me.
No, I can't.
It's better that you don't know.
I already know a little.
Hi, Danielle. How was school?
It was okay.
Good. Where does Andrew keep his marijuana?
Bree had resorted to extreme measures
to save her son's soul.
As she rummaged through Andrew's private possessions,
it occurred to her that sometimes a little betrayal
is good for the soul.
I was really young, like 4.
I heard my mom and my dad yelling.
I heard them yell my name...
and hers.
Dana?
Mm-hmm.
So...
I went down to the room, and I
saw them cleaning it up.
Cleaning what up?
Blood.
Was it Dana's?
I think so.
I couldn't remember this for
the longest time, and then...
my mom killed herself,
and I started having these dreams.
I-I don't even see Dana.
I just - I I see --I see the blood
and my mom picking me up
and putting --putting me on my bed
and whispering that it's not my fault.
But after that, every time I'd
say her name, they'd get upset.
I wasn't even allowed to say it anymore.
I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
I killed my baby sister.
Zach, oh, my god.
And they buried her
to protect me.
Helen. Do you have a minute?
Oh, Gabrielle,
I didn't get a chance to tell you how sorry I was
about what happened at the fundraiser.
I didn't intend to cause a scene.
No, it's okay. People didn't even notice.
Well, this is a little awkward.
I-I know you're friends with Susan Mayer,
but let's just say I had my reasons.
It wasn't Susan.
It was me.
What?
I'm the one who was sleeping with your son.
I'm so sorry.
For how long?
Almost a year.
But it's over now.
So when it started, he was...16?
I think.
But, Helen, y-you have to
believe me - it's over now.
No, you're wrong.
It's not even close to being over.
Hey, coach wants to see you.
Really?
Hey, I bet it's about my scholarship.
Hello?
Yes, this is she.
Marijuana in his locker?
Oh, I'm just horrified.
There must be some sort of terrible mistake.
Um, yeah, okay.
Well, I will be right down.
Elsewhere, another, darker secret
was the object of an investigation.
Mr. Linder.
Mr. Linder!
Huh?
Detective Beckerman. This is detective Burnett.
We were hoping for a minute of your time.
If you know anything about Zach's
whereabouts, you need to tell me now.
Um...
honey, what's going on?
Zach's gone from Silvercrest.
They found letters in his room --
letters from julie.
Well, yes, they were writing to each other.
I need to see those letters.
Mom, they're private.
My son is missing.
Julie, in the letters, did Zach
say anything about running away?
No.
There's your answer.
Susan --
if we hear anything, I will let you know right away.
I understand how worried you must be.
Obviously, you don't.
Paul, my daughter doesn't lie.
This was a very popular design.
I must have sold several hundred of these
just like it about 10 years back.
Do you keep any kind of documentation?
Yeah, I have a list of customers' names
on file... somewhere.
It's been a while.
We'll need a copy of that list.
Oh, sure.
Wow, this chest looks like it's been through hell.
Yeah, we pulled it out of Rockwater Lake.
You could say by way of hell, considering.
W-was there anything in the chest?
It had a body inside --
adult female.
Yeah, but - how do you fit a body
into a chest that size?
It was chopped up.
Of all the stupid, boneheaded decisions.
What were you thinking?
I was set up, all right?
The coach got an anonymous phone call.
Andrew, what does it matter? The pot was there.
I was holding it for a friend.
You know...
I can't decide which is more humiliating --
the fact that my son got caught with pot in his locker
or that he can't even come up with
a decent enough lie to explain it.
Gabrielle believed there was an excellent chance
Helen Rowland would inform Carlos of
his wife's extramarital activities.
Gabrielle knew she had to come clean.
Carlos?
Yeah?
But coming clean...
I, uh...
was not one of Gabrielle's specialties.
I'm going to bed.
Thanks for the news flash.
She turned me in.
Carlos!
Carlos, I'm so sorry. I am so sorry.
Sorry for what?
Just know that whatever happens,
I love you very, very much.
FBI. Open the door.
Oh, my god.
FBI. If you do not open the door,
I am authorized to enter the
premises by use of force.
Carlos Solis, I have a warrant for your arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
Huh?
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
Call our lawyer.
You have the right to speak with an attorney...
And have an attorney present during questioning.
Carlos. what's happening?
If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be
appointed for you at government expense.
Carlos, wait!
Gabrielle, this will all be taken care of, I promise.
I-I'm innocent, I swear to god.
It was Tanaka. He set me up.
People are complicated creatures.
On the one hand, able to perform
great acts of charity.
On the other...
capable of the most underhanded
forms of betrayal.
It's a constant battle that rages within all of us
between the better angels of our nature
and the temptation of our inner demons.
And sometimes, the only way
to ward off the darkness...
is to shine the light of compassion.
They took him away in handcuffs.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
Zach's gone from silvercrest.
hungry?
Sometimes...
If I don't get some help, I will lose my mind.
Where can I score some high-grade nanny?
No matter how hard you try...
FBI. Open the door.
Carlos Solis, I have a warrant for your arrest.
Some problems...
I-I'm sorry. And you are?
I take it you've met Maisy Gibbons.
She's a total nightmare.
Maisy does love to rule her little kingdom.
You are unhappy with our sex life.
You're not getting something from me,
but you're simply too afraid to ask.
Can't be easily solved.
To understand Maisy Gibbons,
you first need to know how she spent her afternoons.
Her mornings were spent running errands for her husband.
Hi.
Her evenings were spent washing dishes
and helping with homework.
Um, okay, so 9 plus 1 is...
but her afternoons --
well, they were spent in the company of men.
Frustrated...
misunderstood...
lonely men willing to pay money
to feel a little less lonely.
And Maisy Gibbons was willing to help them.
Maisy, I've always wondered,
nobody knows about your little hobby, do they?
Mnh-mnh.
Is it hard keeping a secret like this?
Well, maybe if it was just my secret,
but the way I see it, I keep the secrets
of every man who comes to me,
and I find that absolutely exhilarating.
A few years back, Harold lost his job,
and we had to give up our membership
at the country club.
And then one day, one of my club friends
asked why she hadn't seen me around lately,
and I told her that we couldn't afford it anymore.
She waved it off like it was nothing,
but I saw her get that look in her eye, that look of pity.
Maybe she was just trying to be nice.
Anyway, is that so bad,
feeling sorry for someone?
Well, when they say something,
they are being supportive,
but when they say nothing,
it's because they think that you're so
far gone, you're never coming back.
Gotcha.
Anyway, a couple of months later,
I started my little hobby,
and the most wonderful thing happened.
This woman's husband became one of my regulars.
Wow.
Oh.
Would you be a lamb and go out the back?
It's my next appointment.
Sure.
It's the husband of the woman
I was telling you about.
Hello there.
Hey, Maisy.
Episode 10 : Come Back to Me
Every morality play has its cast of characters.
There is always an innocent victim,
a deceitful villain,
a prosecutor who seeks the truth,
a magistrate who dispenses justice,
and a lawyer who charges too much.
This morality play was being produced
at the fairview county courthouse.
Its themes were trust and betrayal.
So what's your issue with bail
in this case, Ms. Mcready?
We want bail denied, your honor.
The defendant's company imported goods
manufactured by slave labor,
and his business partner Mr. Tanaka
has already fled the country,
and Mr. Solis himself has refused
to surrender his passport.
Dog ate your client's passport, Mr. Hartley?
It's been temporarily misplaced, your honor,
but we maintain that Kisho Tanaka set up
and executed the entire operation.
Mr. Solis is no business partner,
but merely a hired contractor.
And I'd also like to point out that
my client is the sole provider
for his wife and his mother, who is
hospitalized in a coma as we speak.
Bring me the passport, and Mr. Solis
can visit his mother.
Until then, your client is denied bail and remanded.
What's next?
You better finish those brussels sprouts.
And don't think I can't see them
hidden under your macaroni.
I hate brussels sprouts.
Yeah, well, brussels sprouts help you grow.
You don't want to be short your whole life, do you?
Here, look, you know what we'll do?
We're going to dip them in a little cheese.
Here you go.
Good. Yummy. Yummy.
Ew!
Yuck!
Fine, fine, be 3'8" the rest of your life.
See if I care.
Good luck finding girlfriends.
Hey, didn't you have a lunch today?
I'm going to cancel it.
The boys are in rare form, and you're
still finding your way.
Lynette, it's been two days.
I don't want to shock them by suddenly disappearing.
You know, deep down, they're very sensitive.
They'll be fine.
Now go.
Get out of here.
You have my cell phone number.
You call me if you need anything.
I will.
O kay.
You boys, come here and give mama a 3-bear hug.
Come on. Whoo!
1, 2, 3. Whoa! Get in, get in.
Mm, okay.
Bye.
Bye, mom!
Bye.
Bye!
Okay.
Watch your hands.
Um, I'm going to eat upstairs.
I've got a ton of homework.
What are you, storing up for winter?
I'm just really hungry.
Mm.
Oh, I talked to dad today, and apparently,
he and Brandi might break up.
Oh. How awful.
Mom, you're smiling.
Am I?
Anyway, because of all the drama,
he can't take me this weekend,
so I'll be home after all. Good night.
Oh, great. Our romantic weekend's off.
We could move it to my house.
No.
Why not?
I just - I just want it to be special.
And it can't be special at my house.
Okay, I know this sounds weird, but I just
need to have my things around me.
What things?
Perfumes and oils, and I want to pick out the
outfit that you're going to tear off me.
And plus, I need to be in complete
control of the lighting.
Okay.
We'll wait till next weekend.
You are just the sweetest guy.
All right. I can't wait till next weekend.
No, me neither.
What about tomorrow while Julie's at school?
I've got an early job, and that's it.
Oh, no good. My publisher's got me under the gun
for something. What about friday?
I'm repiping a house.
Mm, damn karl.
I'm not even married to him anymore, and
he's still keeping me from having sex.
I can't hide you in my room forever, and...
I think we need to tell my mom.
& nbsp;
You can trust her, I promise.
You didn't tell her what I told you, did you?
No. No, no, no. I would never tell anyone that.
What are you doing?
I don't want to cause problems for you.
I'm just - I'm just going to go.
Zach, stop. Don't go.
I won't tell her.
I swear, I'll be out of here soon.
I'll think of something, okay?
Hello.
Why are you up?
I could ask you the same question.
I'm going to bed.
I didn't ask you to wait up for me.
Remember, I'm here as our children's
father, not your husband.
What are you doing?
Were you with a woman?
Did you tell her that you have a wife,
or does that hinder your pickup style?
All right.
Even if I was seeing someone, I have every right to.
Exploring options is the whole point of being separated.
"Options"? I'm not a mutual fund, Rex.
Oh, that's not --
Bree, you should get out there.
Try and meet someone.
Meet someone.
I'm raising your children.
I am just trying to move on with my life.
It is nothing to be ashamed of.
Oh, okay. I tell you what, then --
why don't you just call up your mystery
woman and invite her over?
I'll pull out the sofa bed, and
you can take her right there.
Andrew, Danielle, daddy's going to fornicate for us!
Just keep your voice down.
Why? Are you feeling ashamed?
The next morning started with a banging.
No one knew where Martha Huber was,
and Edie Britt was starting to worry.
Edie didn't like worrying. She felt it gave her wrinkles.
So out of concern for her face and Mrs. Huber,
Edie decided to find out what was going on.
Yao lin, listen to me.
It's very important that we find Carlos's passport.
I already looked through his office,
so I need you to search the bedroom.
What?
With Mr. Solis in jail, how are you
going to pay me? I have children.
Yao lin, your kids are in their 20s.
If it'll make you shut up...
h ere.
Three weeks in advance.
If you don't mind, can I call your bank?
Yao lin, don't be stupid.
People don't become poor overnight.
That's my car. Oh, my god.
Hey!
H ey!
What are you doing?
Where are you taking my car?
Government's impounding it. Here's your receipt.
Call that number if you have any questions.
You call this a paint job?
I don't want to see it again until it's perfect!
Wonder what's going on over there.
I mean, Claire did okay with the kids yesterday,
but that could have been beginner's luck.
You think I should call? I should call.
Lynette, for the first time in years,
you finally have some free time,
and you're wasting it obsessing about the kids.
It's just I don't know this woman. I mean, not really.
So she has a degree in sociology.
Well, big deal. Who doesn't?
My boys are a lot to handle.
What if she's not up to it?
You know, if you really have that many doubts,
you should go buy a hidden camera.
What, a nanny-cam?
Yeah.
People do terrible things when they
think no one's watching them.
Yeah.
& nbsp;
I don't really think I could videotape Claire.
It would be a breach of trust.
Trust is overrated.
So...how are things with you and Rex?
Fine. Why do you ask?
Well, I'm just curious. I mean, he moves out,
moves back in. Is he back for good?
Uh, the situation is, um, fluid.
I'm not certain what his plans are yet.
Huh.
So if you're not sure he's back for good,
why are you ironing his shirts?
Because I have faith that he'll come back
and that he'll do the right thing.
That's good.
It's good to have faith in people.
Yeah.
But I'd still buy that camera.
Hello?
Mike?
Yeah?
My oven's out.
Mm-hmm.
Come over and help me find my pilot light.
Al green's "here I am (come and take me)"
Laying all my troubles down
here I am, baby
come and take me
here I am, baby
ooh, come and take me
take me by the hand
ooh, yeah, show me
here I am, baby
aah!
Oh, candles, candles.
Here I am, baby
come and take me,
here I am, baby
come and take me
Take me by the hand
here I am, baby
Mike, is that you?
I'm up here.
I can always call you
for a helpin' hand
I know you'll do the best you can
[Come on in...]
but it don't take much from me
Mike?
Oh, there's love inside me
I believe there's going to be an explosion
yeah, yeah, whoo-hoo
it's tough for me,
oh, yeah
Aah!
Oh, my god.
What the hell?
I'm so sorry. I thought there was someone in the house.
So you took your clothes off?
No, my clothes were already off.
I was going to seduce you.
It didn't really work.
Oh, I'm sorry. Are you okay?
Well...
please don't be mad.
hey there.
Zach.
What are you doing here?
Later that day, while Claire was out
getting the boys wired on ice cream,
Lynette did some wiring of her own.
No, you can't do this. You can't send Zach back.
Julie, what else can I do? He can't stay here.
His father sent him to a psycho ward.
Actually, they call it a rehabilitation center.
What do you think?
Paul is his father. He has a right
to know his son's okay.
And if he finds out you're hiding him,
you could get in a lot of trouble.
He's right.
Sorry, guys.
Mom, please don't do this.
If you knew what Zach had been through --
Julie, Julie, it's okay. I'll be fine.
I'll, uh, take him back over so you two can...
listen, if Paul sees Zach and freaks out --
I'll bring him right back.
Thank you.
Young lady, we need to talk about what you did.
I really don't feel like talking to you right now.
Uh, listen, Zach...
if things ever get really bad...
it's got my cell number on it.
You give me a call... anytime.
Thanks.
Oh, thank god.
How did you --
we'll talk later.
Remember, anytime.
I heard you moved back home.
Yeah, I-I had to. We - we had some
problems with Andrew.
I'll move out eventually.
Spikes or pearls?
Your choice.
You know what I think?
Hmm?
You don't really want to leave her.
Please don't psycho analyze me.
Well, you're still in love with her.
I never said I wasn't.
Then why divorce?
Now you're rooting for us two crazy kids to work it out?
Hey
You know me.
I'm just a romantic at heart.
Scarves or cuffs?
Up to you.
Even if I could find a way to deal with Bree's
whole obsessive-compulsive thing,
it's not the only problem in our marriage.
As you know, I have certain needs.
Boots or stilettos?
Stilettos... please.
Why don't you just tell Bree what you need?
Tell her what you want.
Because she'd say no.
So? I've said no to some things
you've asked me to do.
Yeah, that's different.
I don't care if you reject me.
Rex...
do you trust me on this?
Sometimes when you love somebody,
you've just got to make sacrifices for them.
Love or passion --
it's an awful choice to make.
Yes, it is.
Now, I have to warn you --
this might hurt a little bit.
Aah!
How am I supposed to live without a car?
Okay, Gabrielle, listen. Tanaka's still at large,
and they're going to want Carlos to flip on him,
so this is their way of playing hardball.
Now, I'm guessing that they're not done yet.
Why?
What else could they take from us?
Pretty much anything.
It's all fair game if they even think
they can trace it to ill-gotten gains.
No, no, no. No, some of this stuff is mine
when I modeled, before I even met Carlos.
See this?
Kosta boda. Bought it when I landed my first cover.
This - I spent eight hours on a rock
in a bikini for that painting.
I understand how you feel --
no, you don't understand.
I have dug myself up from dirt to afford these things,
and no one is going to take them away from me.
Then I suggest you find yourself a good hiding place.
They can't take what they can't find.
Oh, and if you can scare up that
passport, too, that would be good.
Oh, hi, Gabrielle.
Hi.
What have you got there?
My china. I know how you've always loved it, and
I thought you might want to borrow it for a while.
Oh. Well, that's, um, very thoughtful of you.
Say, um, can I store some odds
and ends in your garage?
Sure. Why don't you, uh, come by tomorrow?
Sooner is better than later, right?
Oh.
Oh.
Mm.
Aah.
Just like...
Come on now.
Yes! Ah.
Rex?
Rex?
Rex?!
I need an ambulance. Right away.
Oh.
Hello?
Yes, this is she.
Yes, he's my husband.
Um, excuse me. I'm here to see Rex Van De Kamp.
Apparently, he had a heart attack.
I'm not sure --
he's being prepped for surgery right now.
If you'd like to wait...
could I at least poke my head in? I'm his wife.
You're his wife?
Yes. Why?
I was thinking of a different patient.
Let me get the doctor.
[Rex Van De Kamp]
[Maisy Gibbons]
As Claire prepared for bed, she was unaware
that somewhere else in the Scavo house,
the day she had just finished
was starting all over again.
The dog is blue, the doggie is blue
Lynette was relieved to see
that Claire was doing a good job.
But after further viewing...
come give me a 3-bear hug.
It dawned on Lynette...
Claire might be doing her job a little too well.
Here's the candles I borrowed.
Thanks.
I'm trying to read, so if you don't mind...
I cannot believe, after everything
you did, you're mad at me.
I told Zach that he could trust you,
and you turned him in.
Yeah, well, someone had to be responsible,
and like it or not,
I've got a birth certificate that says I'm your mother.
Since when?
What is that supposed to mean?
Since dad left, if there's been a mother
around here, it's been me.
Julie.
Do you remember after the divorce that you stayed in bed
for a week and I had to beg you to eat something?
Yeah, but --
and for weeks, I had to clean the house,
I had to make sure that the bills were paid.
I even had to schedule my own
doctor's appointment once.
I was in bad shape back then.
It's still going on.
And now that I need some support,
you decide to play the mom card?
I had to send Zach back.
We could have gotten in a lot of trouble.
Yeah, well, now Zach's the one who's in trouble.
You sent him back to a man who hates him.
As gabrielle considered the vast emptiness
of her new surroundings,
she was surprised to find there was only
one thing she truly missed --
her husband.
Mrs. Solis, we have a warrant to enter your house
and repossess any goods which we suspect
may have been obtained...illegally.
We're not into clutter.
All right,"harvey the flying turtle." Doesn't this look fun.
Where's Claire?
I gave her the afternoon off.
Who wants to turn pages?
Is she sick?
No, she's fine. I just wanted us all
to spend the day together, you know?
Like we used to. Here we go.
"Once upon a time, there was a young turtle named harvey.
"Every day, harvey would tell all the other turtles,
"'one day, I'm going to fly off this island
"and go see the world.
'The other turtles laughed
and said,'turtles can't fly.'"
Ooh, it's getting good now, huh?
W-what's wrong?
When Claire reads, she does funny voices.
Does she, now?
Okay.
"Harvey didn't like the turtles laughing, "so he told them,
'I'll show you. One day I will fly higher than the birds.'"
That's not funny.
Yeah? Well, I'm just warming up.
"Then bruno, the big, bad turtle, "took harvey up on
the cliff and threw him over, "and he proclaimed,
"'we'll see if you can fly.
Fly or die, fly or die.'"
When's Claire coming back?
What happened to your nails?
Oh, I - I moved all our stuff to keep it from the feds.
It kills me that I'm putting you through this.
Hands on the table.
It's not your fault. You didn't do anything wrong.
I'll take care of everything
until you're back to do it yourself.
And you will be soon.
I got to be honest, I didn't know
how you would hold up.
I knew you were a strong woman, but I had no idea.
You're a good wife, gabby,
a real partner.
Oh, Carlos, I love you so much.
I would give up that house full of expensive junk
just to put this behind us
and have you home with me.
That sounds pretty good right now.
I'm going to kiss my husband now.
Hands on the table.
There's a false panel on the back wall of my closet.
My passport is there, along with some papers.
Take the passport to the lawyer and burn the papers.
Carlos, did you know what Tanaka was doing?
Just burn... the papers.
Hey, Lynette.
Did Martha Huber happen to leave
a spare key to her house with you?
No.
Oh.
Where is she, by the way? I haven't seen her in days.
Got me.
She kicked me out so fast that I forgot my laptop,
and there's just some stuff on there
that I don't want anyone else to see.
Oh. Well... good luck with that.
You know, you're not looking half bad.
What have you done with that little posse of yours?
They're with the new nanny.
Wow, your own personal nanny? Smell you.
Well, trust me, it's not all it's cracked up to be.
You know, our mothers were smart.
They didn't get us nannies or put us in day care
because they knew if they did, we'd find out
there are other women out there
who are better mothers than they were.
You know, I had a nanny for a while
growing up - Mrs. Muntz.
You had a nanny?
Well, actually, she was more like a
court-appointed social worker.
My mom did a little time.
She had a thing for bourbon and shoplifting.
Oh. Sorry.
Oh, Muntz was a hard-ass --no mercy.
In fact, she was such a disciplinarian
that when my mom made parole,
I was actually happy to see her.
Really?
Yeah.
Lesser of two evils.
Huh.
Anyway, I got to find a key.
See you later.
Bye.
Thanks for your help with Zach before.
Oh, it's my pleasure.
I hope he comes out of this okay.
He's a little squirrelly, but seems like a good kid.
Yeah.
So how's Julie taking all this?
Not well.
She accused me of not being a good mother.
Oh, you're a great mom.
Well, she was sort of right.
After my divorce, I really leaned on her a lot.
Seems natural.
And I still kind of do it.
I just want somebody to talk to about all
my adult stuff, and she's right there,
and she just acts so mature. I forget she's 13.
Well, the good news is that from now on,
if you ever want to talk to somebody
about grown-up stuff, you got me.
Well, I can't talk to you about everything.
Oh.
What if I want to talk about the big crush I have
on the plumber that lives across the street?
Big crush, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Wow, you'd have to tell me more.
Well, um... he's got a smile that's to die for,
and don't get me started on his tattoo.
Thanks.
Oh, Bree.
What a-a nice surprise.
Would you like to come in?
Well, that depends.
Are you having an affair with my husband?
Would you like some more potatoes?
You already asked me that.
Sorry.
I'm so relieved you're safe, I'm, uh...
I'm not thinking straight.
Does that mean you're not going to
send me back to silvercrest?
You've got to understand,
your behavior, the violence,
breaking into the Van De Kamps' --
I just didn't know what you were going through.
You could have asked me.
Well...
I've been remembering things...
things from when I was little.
What kind of things?
Awful things.
Zach, listen to me.
Sometimes it's not good to look back on the past.
But I can't help it.
These images just keep popping into my head.
Well, then, you've got to find a way
to push them back out again.
Okay.
More potatoes?
Yes, please.
Sure is nice to be back to normal.
You should know that Rex still loves you...
very much.
He said that?
Yes.
Then why is he so unhappy?
He has certain needs, and he's afraid
to discuss them with you.
Needs - like...
sexual needs?
Yes.
And have you fulfilled those needs?
I see.
You know, you are pretty brazen for a woman
who just admitted, however tacitly,
that she just slept with my husband.
If I told anyone in this neighborhood,
they would never speak to you again.
You're not going to tell a soul.
Yeah, you may hate me, but you'd hate
the humiliation a lot more.
Oh, I don't hate you, Maisy.
I pity you.
Hi.
Oh, hey, Lynette. Are you heading out now?
Yep.
Um, I'll be home late, so just the usual routine --
a nap for penny, and --
I know, no sugar after 5:00. I got it.
You're the best.
Oh, one more thing.
Since the boys are having corn dogs for dinner,
I'd like you to make sure they
get a vegetable to go with it.
Brussels sprouts?
They're full of iron.
Would you make sure they clean their plates?
Not a problem.
I have this little trick I do.
I cover the veggies with some cheese.
Ooh, you sly dog.
That night, Lynette settled in to watch her personal
pick for feel-good movie of the year.
You guys, you need to eat your brussels sprouts.
Brussels sprouts!
I don't want this!
Hey! Yes, you do!
You guys, don't throw them - hey!
Hey, stop it!
Do not - ow! Hey! You guys, stop it!
Do not throw these at me, you guys! Cut it out!
Hey.
Hey.
I guess they operated, huh?
They sure did.
How' d it go?
It went well.
The surgeon says you're going to be as good as new.
You look like you've been crying.
I have.
I was so afraid you were going to die.
There's so many things I haven't had
a chance to tell you.
I'm sorry you were so worried.
It's okay.
How are you now, Rex?
Are you strong enough to listen to
the things I need to tell you?
Sure, hon.
I know you still love me.
Maisy told me.
She did?
As of this moment, Rex,
I am no longer your wife.
I am going to go out and find the most vindictive lawyer
can find, and together, we are going to eviscerate you.
I am going to take away your money,
your family,
and your dignity.
Do you hear me?
Bree --
and I am so thrilled to know that you still love me,
because I want what's about to happen to you...
to hurt as much as is humanly possible.
I'm so glad you didn't die before
I got a chance to tell you that.
Trust is a fragile thing.
Bye, guys.
Bye, mom. Bye, mom.
Bye, mommy.
Once earned, it affords us tremendous freedom.
But once trust is lost, it can be impossible to recover.
[SOLOMON, MILLER & HAAS FAMILY LAW]
Of course, the truth is
we never know who we can trust.
Those we're closest to can betray us.
Police. Open up.
And total strangers can come to our rescue.
In the end,
most people decide to trust only themselves.
It really is the simplest way
to keep from getting burned.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
I am just trying to move on with my life.
Are you having an affair with my husband?
Suspicion ended in tragedy.
I'm here to see Rex Van De Kamp.
Apparently, he had a heart attack.
Trust...
It kills me that I'm putting you through this.
was put on trial.
Bring me the passport, and Mr. Solis can visit his mother.
And ex-husband
You walked out on your family.
was replaced.
She is out there throwing herself at Mike Delfino
And everyone
Wow, your own personal nanny? Smell you.
was getting in over their heads.
Edie Britt could never understand
why she didn't have any female friends.
Of course, she always tried to tell
people she didn't need any,
but the truth was
it bothered Edie that other women didn't seem to like her.
Even after moving to Wisteria Lane...
oh, and be careful. There are breakables in there.
Edie couldn't understand why
her neighbors kept their distance.
And then she met Martha Huber.
Hola.
Within five minutes, Mrs. Huber managed to
disparage what Edie was wearing.
No
In fact, whenever they got together,
Mrs. Huber insulted her.
She made fun of everything from Edie's makeup...
to her taste in men.
Yes, Martha Huber could be cruel,
offensive, and downright mean,
but Edie didn't care, because she was
the first real friend Edie Britt had ever had.
But now Martha Huber was missing.
She had vanished without a trace,
and Edie was not embarrassed to admit
she needed her back.
Edie?
Yes.
I'm Felicia Tilman,
Martha's sister.
Really?
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing's wrong. It's just that Martha
always said how alike you two were.
I just don't seethe family resemblance.
It's there. It just takes a while to become apparent.
Do you have the key to her house?
I do. After the police kicked the door in,
they put on this temporary lock.
Oh, and by the way, the neighbors
are coming over at noon.
We're going to organize and hand out flyers.
the key?
Oh, right.
You know, I can only imagine how worried you must be.
I'm not worried, Edie.
Martha and I have a very intense bond.
We were connected at the most primal level,
and a few days ago, I felt this sensation in my soul.
That's when it first dawned on me that something
had happened to my sister,
and then when she didn't arrive
at my home as scheduled,
well, that's when I knew she was dead.
Oh, honey, no. You mustn't think like that.
Martha's only missing.
No, Edie. She's dead.
But she's my sister, and I'm going to find out
exactly what happened to her.
Look, Felicia, it's natural to freak out
when a loved one's missing.
Loved one?
Oh. Edie, let me be clear about this --
I hated Martha.
She was a wretched pig of a woman, and the day
she died, this world became a better place.
It was in that moment that Edie finally
saw the family resemblance.
Episode 11 : Move On
Mrs. Huber was missing.
The words echoed down Wisteria Lane until every last
resident was aware of her disappearance.
By noon, dozens of neighbors had gathered.
Some came to volunteer.
Some came in sympathy.
And some came to learn exactly what the police knew
and what they didn't.
& nbsp;
So I'll need you to pass out flyers.
Put them in the mall, the park, anywhere you think
Mrs. Huber might have been seen.
We need to jump on this. Time is of the essence.
Edie, would you like to say something?
On behalf of Martha and her sister Felicia,
I'd like to thank you all for coming here today.
You know, my last conversation
with Martha was one of anger,
and I'll never forgive myself for the things that I said.
I lay awake at night thinking about it.
I don't know how she did it, but Edie
managed to make this all about her.
She's a talented girl, our Edie.
Has anybody talked to Bree? How's Rex doing?
She's bringing him home from the hospital today.
Boy, I don't know how he had a heart attack.
He was so young.
Hey, how creepy is Mrs. Huber's sister?
I know.
The way she was talking about Mrs. Huber,
it was like she was already dead.
You don't think she's...
oh, no. I'm sure she's fine.
We're talking about Mrs. Huber.
She's like a roach.
I just wanted you to know that everyone on Wisteria Lane
is praying for your sister's safe return.
Oh, I seriously doubt that.
What do you mean, you're not taking care of him?
Dad's being released today.
He's got to have a place to recuperate.
Well, then, he can go to a motel,
because he is not allowed back in my house.
I thought you two were getting along. What happened?
T hat's...
between your father and me.
You're so selfish.
You know, I am so looking forward to the day that
I get to put you in a nursing home.
I'm sorry to disappoint you, Andrew,
but my plan is to have an embolism and to die young.
Yeah, well, we're all rooting for you,
but you might not be so lucky.
Andrew.
You want to see how long I can hold a grudge?
Go ahead and abandon my father,
because I promise you, you'll be sorry.
You wouldn't be saying that if you knew what --
knew what?
Well, come on, tell me, because I'd love to
know what my father did that was so awful.
Fine. I will see him through this, but after that,
your father can rot in hell for all I care.
We're not like other families, are we?
No. We're not.
Gabrielle, it's not my fault that
your bank accounts are frozen.
I'm not saying it's your fault. I'm just saying fix it.
Well, I wish I could, but the folks at the justice
department aren't very sympathetic.
I'm running out of money.
In a couple of weeks, I'm going to be screwed.
Why don't you hock some of your jewelry?
There's a lot of stuff you never wear,
and most of it's ugly.
Don't you have a toilet to scrub?
I'm just so angry with Carlos.
What was he thinking, exporting goods
made from slave labor?
Why couldn't he have embezzled like
other white-collar criminals?
All the justice department wants is to make sure
that Carlos doesn't skip the country.
Now, if he's released on bail,
I can argue that he needs money to live on, and they'll
probably unfreeze one of the smaller accounts.
But they won't release him on bail
until they get the passport.
Exactly.
You haven't found that yet, have you?
Gabrielle wanted her old lifestyle back, no question.
But she wanted Carlos to suffer
for his betrayal even more.
I'm still searching.
Well, in that case, you might want to
think about looking for a job.
So I had a really good time.
Yeah, I bet you did.
Gotcha.
Hey. Is this a bad time?
For you? Of course it is.
That's cute. Tax stuff. I need your signature.
We've been divorced over a year.
2003.
Well, please, just come on in.
Uh, Mike, I don't think you've officially
met my ex Karl Mayer.
Oh, hey. Mike Delfino.
Right. The plumber.
Yeah, I don't have the right washer for this faucet, so I'm
just going to go across the street and get it.
So he seems okay.
Yeah, he is.
So what do you want me to sign?
Oh. I see.
By the way, Julie told me about her birthday plans.
Yeah, we're going to a restaurant downtown.
A guy who plays piano and a open Mike.
Julie got a bunch of her girlfriends together,
and so we're just going to make a night of it.
Julie loves to sing. It sounds nice.
Here you go.
All righty.
Give my best to Brandi.
Actually, uh...
we're not together anymore.
You're not?
What happened?
I caught her in bed with another guy.
Go ahead. Do your happy dance. You deserve it.
No, no, really. I'm - I'm sorry that
you had to go through that. I am.
Uh...
it's just really hard for me right now.
Thanks.
try ripping up old photos. It helps.
Well, have fun this weekend.
Let me knowhow the party goes.
Karl...
do you want to join us?
Susan...
you're the best.
Ooh, well... yeah, I am the best, aren't I?
You know, if we're going to buy a water heater,
we should talk about it.
We could go to the mall tomorrow. They're having a sale.
Can we talk about this tomorrow?
Well, I'm just trying to plan my day.
Please, honey, I'm so tired.
Okay.
Hon?
Hmm?
Did you set up the coffee maker?
Oh, no.
You know what? I'll do it in the morning.
I promise, I'll get up early and do it.
Tom...
mm.
Tom...come on.
Thanks.
Yeah.
C laire?
I'm - I'm, uh...
wow, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were up.
Yeah, I I thought you were sleeping.
I was just going upstairs.
Do you want me to make the coffee?
Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah.
I'm just going to, um, I'm just,
you know, go back up to my room.
Okay.
All right.
Good night.
Good night.
Also, you know, if we go to the mall,
we can go to the shoe store.
You said you wanted new running shoes.
What?
Oh.
The next morning, while the search for
Martha Huber continued,
Lynette discovered a little family secret --
one she wasn't even looking for.
Good morning.
Morning.
Want some coffee?
Uh, yeah, thanks.
I didn't want to come down till Tom left for work.
I'm still a little embarrassed.
About what?
Oh, he didn't tell you?
Well, actually, it's kind of funny.
Um...I was doing some laundry,
and I noticed that the robe I was wearing
had some baby food on it,
so I threw it in, figuring I could dash upstairs
while everyone was asleep,
and then I ran into Tom
while I was totally naked.
And so, Claire, when did this incident occur?
I don't know. It was pretty late.
I think he might have come down to
make coffee or something.
You don't say.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow. Well, this is certainly impressive.
I can definitely get you work as a model,
but you do realize it's different from the runway
work you did in New York and Milan.
Of course. I made $10,000 a day.
I don't expect to --to make that here.
Well, that's good, because you won't.
Yeah. So what do you got?
Well, there is something.
Uh, they need a model to demonstrate the
new buick lacrosse at the fairview mall.
It's just going to be you and the car on
a revolving platform. 300 bucks for the day.
Uh, what else do you have?
Sure.
Um... ooh. Can you swing a sword?
Sci-fi convention needs someone
to dress up as a warrior princess.
A warrior princess?
Mr. Gibb, I am a professional model.
Look at this bone structure.
This face is a cash cow.
And if you don't have the vision to take advantage
of that, then maybe I'm at the wrong agency.
Hey, look, honey,
I'm the only modeling agent in a 100-mile radius.
I book women for boat shows and garden tool expos.
If you don't like it, move back to the city.
This, um, buick thing...
does it include lunch?
Just so you know,
I really am grateful for everything you're doing for me.
Oh, I don't need your gratitude.
You're only here because your children
are master extortionists.
So you didn't tell them about --
your adultery? No, I decided to keep
that little gem all to myself.
Listen, I know this is a real imposition --
yes, it is.
The doctor said you could be here for weeks.
Would it make you feel any better
if I told you I'm sorry for what I did?
Yes, it would...
if I still felt anything for you.
But as it stands, the place you used to occupy
in my heart is very much empty now.
You must still feel something for me.
And why do you think that?
Oh, come on. Bree, look at this.
You're using the good china,freshly pressed napkins,
flowers from the garden.
This tray was prepared with loving care.
Do me a favor, Rex --
please don't mistake my anal retentiveness
for actual affection.
Hold on a sec.
Okay. Now I'm good.
What?
You're just --god, I love you.
Oh.
Well...that's great.
Wait, look, that just kind of popped out.
No, no, it's fine. It just kind of caught me off-guard.
I mean, I want to say it back.
Yeah, but you're not ready. It's okay.
You're not mad, are you?
No, god. We haven't even been dating that long,
and you've got other issues. I get it.
Good.
Issues? What kind of issues do you think I have?
You know, I retract my earlier statement.
I no longer love you.
In fact, I just think of you as a really good buddy.
No. No, no, no, no. You obviously think
you have some insight into my soul,
so please go ahead. Dazzle me.
Your divorce left you hurt and vulnerable.
Big insight. The postman knows that.
And there's a chance you might still
have feelings for your ex.
What?
I loathe Karl,
and the postman will back me up on that, too.
I'm sure part of you does hate him, but, well,
maybe part of you is still hung up on him.
Where are you getting this?
Well, he broke up with the woman he left you for,
and what was the first thing you did?
You hugged him
and invited him to a party.
Okay.
The analysis part of this evening is now over.
Hey... you asked.
Well, you know what?
You're going to come to julie's party tomorrow night,
and you're going to see Karl and I together,
and you're going to understand once and for all
that I have no feelings for him whatsoever.
Well, actually, I have tickets to a basketball game --
well, actually, you're coming to the party tomorrow,
and that's the end of it.
This is what I get for saying "I love you."
What?
Nothing.
There you go.
Hello, George.
Mrs. Van De Kamp. You're looking lovely today.
You always say the nicest things.
Well, it's, uh, it's true.
Listen, I have a prescription here for Rex.
I don't know if you heard, but he had a heart attack.
I had no idea. Is he okay?
Oh, yes, he'll --he'll live, but, uh, the doctor says
he's at risk for something called pericarditis.
Do you know anything about that?
It's an inflammation of the membrane
that surrounds the heart.
It'll take a few months to make sure it doesn't develop,
but he'll need constant care.
So I hear.
As the words "constant care" echoed in her head,
Bree caught a sickening glimpse into her future...
okay, here we go.
Which prompted her to seek an old-fashioned remedy.
George, would you go out to dinner with me?
Um, y-you mean like a date?
Yes. I think it would be fun.
What about your husband?
Oh, him.
Well, we're separated.
In spite of Mrs. Huber's disappearance,
life on Wisteria Lane started to return to normal
until an intriguing discovery was made
on a dirt road next to the interstate.
This is officer burton.
I have an abandoned vehicle registered to a missing
person. One Martha Huber. Please advise.
As news spread of this mysterious development,
everyone in the neighborhood decided to band together
to show their support and to look for clues...
or worse.
I'm keeping my eyes on the horizon.
Please tell me if I am about to step on a body part.
It's a search and rescue, not recover.
We don't know if she's dead.
Yeah, people fake their own abductions all the time.
Could we talk about something else,
something less depressing?
Well, here's something - Mike told me he loved me.
Oh, my god!
Over here! They found the body!
No, I'm sorry! False alarm! We didn't find a body.
Uh, Susan just had some really good news.
Sorry.
It was nothing. False alarm.
Well, doesn't that figure.
Susan always finds a way to make it about her.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you
the fabulous buick lacrosse.
It - it has expertly crafted interior,
peaceful, quiet tuning, and ultra sonic rear parking assist.
Observe the remote activation feature.
Uh, and it also has a lot of other exciting,
good, cool car things.
Tom, Lynette. What are you doing here?
We're buying a new water heater. Um, how about you?
Just doing a little shopping,
trying to get my mind off things.
Hey, Gabby, you need help?
It looks like you're stuck here.
Oh, I guess I am.
No worries. I got it.
Guess I got too close to the turntable.
I'm a sucker for these buicks.
Come on, you bastard.
You know, with their, uh, perfectly crafted
interior and peaceful, quiet tuning.
Uh-huh.
Little formal for the mall.
Oh, uh, you know, I-I wanted to match
the shoes to the dress.
This is, uh, sarah,
my shopping buddy. We like to hitthe boutiques together.
Okay, well, you gals, um, shop your little hearts out.
See you later.
Bye.
Wow. Look at you. You going out?
Not that it's any of your business, but, um, I have a date.
A date? What kind of date?
Rex, I don't want to say anything that might upset you.
The doctor says any undue stress could
cause another heart attack.
It's a romantic date with a single, attractive man,
and I intend to french the hell out of him.
Oh, right on time.
Hi.
Hi.
In my spare time, I garden. I thought you might like these.
Oh, my. They're exquisite.
Compost and eggshells?
Yes.
Oh. Come on in.
Thanks.
George, you remember Rex.
Uh, I thought you said you were separated.
Oh, we are, emotionally. Physically, he just lives here
because his mistress refuses to care for him.
Would you like a drink?
Uh, no, I-I'm fine, thanks.
Rex, say hello to George.
Hello, George.
Hello, Dr. Van De Kamp.
I'm going to go put these in water.
George, why don't you have a seat,
and I'll be right back?
So, uh, how's your heart, Dr. Van De Kamp?
Better. How's the pharmacy?  Busy. It's busy.
Is something funny?
It's - it's nothing.
See, I, uh...I recently engaged in
some extracurricular activity,
and now bree's doing anything
she can to make me suffer
All you can do is laugh.
Yeah. I-I guess.
Oh, these flowers are stunning.
They're the best ones I've ever gotten.
Shall we?
Well, it was nice talking to you, Dr. Van De Kamp.
Please. You're dating my wife. Call me Rex.
That salesgirl that sold us the water heater --
she had a cute figure.
Yeah, I guess. I didn't notice.
Oh, how can you say? She was so your type--
big breasts, really curvy.
What are you doing?
Nothing. I'm just saying you prefer women who are
really curvy, women like that salesgirl or Claire.
There's only one type that I prefer.
You.
Aw, you kissed me as though that would
end this conversation, and it so won't.
Why am I in trouble? I haven't done anything wrong.
The only reason you made love to me the other night
was because you had just seen claire naked.
aw, crap.
Claire is a great nanny. It would be stupid
to lose her over something like this.
You and I have had crushes before.
We always tell each other.
We laugh about it. It's no big deal.
What worries me about this is you're denying
you're obviously attracted. Why?
I'm not denying anything.
Oh, so you are attracted to her.
I didn't say that.
What are you doing?
We are not going anywhere until you confess
you have the hots for our nanny.
Tom, it's okay. She's attractive.
Men by nature are drawn to fertile young women
with whom they can plant their seed.
It's the basic flaw of your gender.
I get it. Just do me the honor of --
we'd all like to get out of here. Is there a problem?
My husband won't admit that he has lust in his heart.
Can you give us a minute?
Lynette, Claire is attractive, yes.
But I am not attracted to her.
Look, if I thought for even a second that
there was any danger in having Claire around,
I'd be the first to get rid of her.
It's you. You're the one.
You always have been, and you always will be.
All right. Hold your water.
Then as a coda, we drink ice cream soda
here down at the old five and dime, yeah
yay. Oh, you guys were fantastic.
Thank you.
Um, they've got a dance floor upstairs,
and we're going to go check it out.
Okay. Have fun.
Edie. Over here.
What the hell is she doing here?
What, I don't get to bring a date?
I heard you were bringing him.
Of all people, you pick that tired piece of --
Edie.  Hi, Susan.
Oh, thank you so much for the invite.
God knows I needed something to
get my mind off poor Martha.
A kiss for the birthday boy.
Um, Edie, it's not his birthday.
Oh. Oh.
Thank you, George. That was a lovely evening.
The pleasure was mine.
There's nothing better than great conversation
with a beautiful woman over a delicious meal.
Well, I guess I should go inside.
I'm glad we did this.
Me too.
Andrew. Where did you come from?
I was just on my wayback from brian's house.
What's going on here?
Oh, uh, you remember Mr. Williams, our pharmacist.
Hey there.
How's it going?
What are you doing in his car?
We're just, um, talking.
Mr. Williams took me out to dinner.
You mean like on a date?
Well, um...
Yes.
You are aware that she's married, right?
Andrew, your father and I are separated, and you know it.
I don't care. Couldn't you at least wait
until he was out of the house?
The only reason he's still in the house is
because you insisted I care for him.
So - so what, what are you guys going to do now?
Are you - are you two going to have sex?
No, we are not going to have sex.
Why not?
Because I don't commit adultery like your father.
That's right. Your father had an affair, I found out about it,
and I'm just trying to move on with my life.
You should watch out for her. She's a liar.
Andrew...
In spite of her mounting debt,
Gabrielle was determined to prove she could
get along just fine without Carlos's money.
It wasn't until the electricity went out
that she finally began to see the light.
Mr. Hartley, it's Gabrielle Solis.
I need you to start working on releasing Carlos on bail.
I just remembered where I put his passport.
But I, I took the sweet life
never knew I'd be bitter from the sweet
I spent my life exploring the subtle whoring
that costs too much to be free
hey, lady
I've been to paradise
but I've never been
to me
Oh, thank you.
Damn, woman. You were good.
Yes. All right, you're next, susie Q.
What you going to sing?
Yes
You sing?
Only when I'm alone.
Come on. We're among friends.
I don't think so.
Well, I, for one, would love to hear your voice.
Give it up, plumber. She's not budging.
You want to hear me sing?
Yeah.
Okay.
What's it going to be? I'll tell the piano player.
"New york, new york."
Oh, I am so excited to hear you.
Oh, but doesn't it just figure?
What do you mean?
You have to get up in front of a room
full of people dressed like that.
I hope they don't turn on you.
I think I'll take my chances, sort of like
you did on those high notes.
I'm going to get us two more.
That's a great idea.
So that Mike - he seems pretty even-keeled.
Yeah. He's a great guy.
But you know, I mean, he's a little buster brown.
Don't you ever worry you're going to get bored?
Thanks for your concern, Karl. I'm fine.
Go figure.
Even though our marriage was crazy
at times, it never got dull.
Yeah, that part when you slept with
your secretary was really exciting.
I know. How many times do I have to hear it?
It was a mistake.
But don't I ever get credit for the 13 loyal
years beforehand?
You must not be counting
the Hendersons' christmas party.
Edie, not now.
Oh, what's the big deal, Karl?
Your marriage is history anyway.
Edie.
It was nothing, really.
Basically, we both got plastered on eggnog,
and we found ourselves standing under the, uh, mistletoe,
and we were like, "okay, well, what do we do now?"
So I smiled, and he smiled, and then Karl
reached over and started feeling me up.
Susie, that's not how it happened.
All right, Susan, come on, you're up.
What?
This is --it's so silly.
Susie --
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Susan Mayer.
Start spreadin' the news
I'm leavin' today
I wanna be a part of it
new york, new york
these vagabond shoes
you're an ass, you know that?
No, keep playing.
Are longing to stray
there's a word, you know, right?
And get around the heart of it
new york, new york
I wanna
just tell you that the affair was one thing.
I mean, I forgave you, because on some small level,
I thought that you were in love with her,
and now I find out that you were
just groping people at parties.
Top of the heap
Karl, don't you turn away from me. Look at me!
You know, what else were you doing during our marriage?
How many other women were you sticking it to?
As god is my witness, it will snow on the hills of hell
before I ever feel sorry for you again!
New york
As the police interviewed the residents of Wisteria Lane
about the mysterious disappearance of Martha Huber,
my husband Paul reasoned it would only be a matter of
time before their digging would begin to yield answers.
Since he knew the police had no suspects,
he decided to point them towards
the most logical candidate.
You see, if there's one thing Paul understood
about the suburbs, it was this --
no one's ever more suspicious
than a new neighbor who's just moved in.
Parker's getting sniffly.
Yeah, I noticed that, too.
I hope he's not coming down with a cold.
He doesn't have a cough yet,
but he sort of has this post-nasal drip thing happening.
I'll make an appointment for him.
I always say it is better to be safe than sorry.
Little kids get sick, and it's - sorry --out of control...
man, kids with these colds,
it's just - just this vicious cycle.
Um, um, Claire?
We have to make some changes.
What are you doing?
I'm packing up your father's things
for when he eventually moves out.
Well, here. Let me help you.
Look, I-I talked to dad,
and it turns out you were telling the truth.
Oh, andrew, I'm so sorry that I said anything.
No, you know, I'm glad you did. Now I know.
There comes this point in every boy's life.
What, finding out his dad's screwing around?
No.
That his father's only human.
Listen, why are you taking care of him?
Is it because of what Danielle and I said?
Because you can forget that.
I'll help you take his stuff out on the street if you want.
That's sweet, but I'm taking care of him
because it's the right thing to do.
Why are you being such a push over?
I mean, he cheated on you.
He's a jerk.
Andrew...
you will not speak that way about your father in front of me.
Why the hell not? I mean, for once, I'm actually on your side.
Yes, I'm angry with him.
I am going to divorce him. I may even marry somebody else.
But make no mistake about it, your father
is and always will be the love of my life.
He gave me the best18-year marriage that...
I could have ever hoped for.
And for that, you will respect him.
Okay
What is it? I'm really, really busy.
I came by to apologize.
Oh. Well, in that case, come on in. I'm not doing anything.
I can't believe Edie brought the whole thing up.
Susan... I-I am so sorry.
I-I thought I was done hurting you.
Yeah, me too.
And just so you know,
I'm sorry for flipping out.
I shouldn't let you get to me like that.
What?
I do still get to you, don't I?
That's the difference between the plumber and me.
No, don't get me wrong, he's a good guy.
I mean, I like him.
But I'm betting that you two don't
have what we had together.
There was always a spark between us.
A spark?
Look, what I'm trying to say is
he must seem really safe after me.
A moray eel would seem safe after you.
That's what I'm talking about - that great
back-and-forth, the joking around...
we still argue and push each other's buttons.
News flash --I hated all of that.
Come on, you have to admit when it was good,
it was the best.
What are you saying?
Let's give this another shot.
You want me back?
Yeah.
Yeah. I realize now
that you were the woman that was meant for me.
Wow.
W-w- just so we're clear,
so - so you want to move back in here and - and be
faithful to me and love me with all your heart and soul?
Absolutely.
Oh, my god. This is so wonderful.
Yeah. I know, I know.
I want to kiss you.
Oh, god. No, Karl. Um, no,
what I meant by wonderful was that I wondered inside if I
still had feelings for you,
if deep down, I still loved you.
And?
And --
There's nothing there.
Come on. You've got to feel something.
Well, actually, I do, yeah. Excuse me.
Oh, my god.
Susan.
Mike, guess what.
I love you.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Did I come at a bad time?
Um, they're just asking some
questions about Mrs. Huber.
I love him. You can write that in your little book.
We are all searching for someone,
that special person who will provide us
what's missing in our lives.
Someone who can offer companionship...
George? Hi, it's me - Bree.
I was wondering, are you free next saturday?
You are? Oh, that's wonderful.
Or assistance...
hi. I understand your agency handles nannies.
I need someone experienced and preferably unattractive.
Or security.
Hi, honey. Did the lawyer tell you the good news?
You're going to make bail. I found your passport.
And sometimes, if we search very hard,
we can find someone who provides us...
well, I just called to say hi, and I love you.
With all three.
All right, all right. Enough already.
Yes, we're all searching for someone,
and if we can't find them,
we can only pray
they find us.
What you got, boy?
Previously on "desperate housewives"...</font>
We're making a mistake. These are nice people.
My money says one of them isn't.
How creepy is Mrs. Huber's sister?
Promises were made.</font>
I'm going to find out exactly what happened to her.
Marriages came undone.</font>
Gabrielle and I are about to start a family.
Well, we're not negotiating my uterus.
George, would you go out to dinner with me?
You mean like a date?
A date?
And the truth...</font>
You burned your rival's house down.
Was denied.</font>
I absolutely did not do that thing you accused me of.
Martha Huber waited her whole life for something
to happen to her, something exciting.
As a child, she hoped to be kidnapped
by a band of pirates.
As a teenager, she dreamt of being discovered
by a hollywood talent scout.
 As a young woman, she fantasized a handsome
millionaire would sweep her off her feet.
But the years had flown by, and still nothing
exciting had ever happened to Martha Huber.
Until the night she was murdered.
Hello, Mrs. Huber.
Paul.
Let me give you a hand.
That's really not necessary.
I insist.
In those last moments, it occurred to her
in addition to being boring,
Life could also be very cruel.
Luckily for Mrs. Huber, death was far more merciful.
What do you think?
That's our missing woman, all right.
Oh, jeez. Didn't take the media long to get wind of this.
Make sure no one contaminates my crime scene.
Hey, little lady.
A lot of people are looking for you, you know that?
Your face is going to be on the front page of
every paper in this state.
How's that for exciting?
Officer Jackson couldn't be sure,
but for a brief moment,</font>
he thought he saw the corpse of Martha Huber...
smile.
Episode 12 : Every Day a Little Death
Death had come once again to Wisteria Lane.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
We found your sister's body.
Word of the tragedy would soon spread
throughout the neighborhood,</font>
but for now, people went about their lives
as they always did - blissfully unaware.</font>
Hello. Anybody home?
In the kitchen.
Good news.
I finished my book, so I thought to celebrate,
you could take me out to lunch.
Hey, Susan.
Uh, can we do a rain check?
Edie and I are just looking over
the plans to rebuild her house.
My insurance company's finally
cutting my check next week,
and there's only one plumber I want.
So don't expect to see this guy for a few months.
I'm going to be riding him hard.
Well, if anybody can go the distance,
he can. I should know.
See ya.
Uh, Mike?
Mike?
We're on the clock.
Hey, Felicia. What's up?
Edie?
They found Martha.
Here. Blow. Good. All right.
Come on. This is going to be fun. Follow me.
Excuse me.
Yeah?
You can't do that.
I'm here for the 10:00 A.M.
Yoga meditation class.
Unfortunately, the day care center's full.
Yeah, I noticed that, but every time I come here, it's full.
It's a popular class.
And the other moms come early.
Look, all I can tell you is plan ahead next time.
Uh, Lauren, I'm a mother of four.
Today I had to get up at 5:00,
make lunches, make breakfast,
drop the twins off at school,
and get across town lugging a baby and a sick child.
Telling me to plan ahead is like
telling me to sprout wings,
and it's things like being told to plan
ahead that make me so crazy
that yoga is the only thing that relaxes me,
except I show up here, and I can't get in,
and you tell me to plan ahead.
It's a vicious cycle.
See how that works?
I get it.
But if I broke the rules for you,
I'd have to break them for the other moms, too,
and then the moms who actually followed
the rules would get all pissed at me,
and then I'd have to get pissy right back,
and before you know it, I don't
have time to read my magazine.
See how that works?
I hope someday, you have lots of children.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Susan. Listen, I can't talk.
I'm in the middle of something here that --
what?
I had a wonderful time today.
Thank you. I did, too.
Sorry I can't invite you in for coffee or...
No, I get it. Rex still lives in the house.
It would be awkward.
Yeah, and I would rather cut off
my hand than hurt his feelings.
It'll, um... it'll be a lot easier once
he gets well enough to move out.
So do you want to have lunch tomorrow?
I'd love to.
Okay. Wow.
Pick me up at 1:00, and we'll do something fun.
I'll see you then.
Okay. Oh, packages.
O h.
Thank you.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Lynette.
What?
Sir, watch your head.
Hi, honey.
Welcome home.
Thanks, guys.
Take it easy.
Come on, honey.
Let's celebrate.
Sorry it's the cheap stuff.
I had to economize.
But now that you're back, we can
restock the wine cellar.
Let's toast.
It's very good to be back.
What's that?
It transmits to this - my electronic monitoring device.
Didn't the lawyer tell you?
Tell me what?
I'm on house arrest.
It's a condition of my bail.
Uh, No. No, he neglected to tell me that.
Yeah, if I move more than 100 feet from
that telephone, an alarm sounds.
If I keep going, it transmits a signal
to the FBI, and I'm back in jail.
But how are you going to work?
I can't. I can't do anything.
Uh, no, no, no. That's unreasonable.
What do they expect us to do for money?
Well, the lawyer's working on unfreezing the accounts.
And in the meantime, I mean, haven't
you been booking modeling jobs?
Carlos, this is not like New York where I made thousands
of dollars a day modeling haute couture.
I'm doing boat shows.
I spend eight hours a day doing this.
Well, I'd buy two boats from you.
Come on.
Where's my toast?
Welcome home.
Hello.
Hi, Bree.
What?
If you find anything in your sister's belongings
that might shed some light on her death
letters or a datebook, please call me immediately.
I believe she did keep a diary or something.
I'll look around for it.
Look at them all
- vultures, pretending to care,
when all they really want are the sordid details.
I don't know. I think they just want to show their support.
Please. Human beings feed on misery.
Well, we might as well give the people what they want.
Hello.
I want to thank you all for coming out here
and expressing your genuine sorrow and disbelief.
My sister Martha would have been so touched.
I know that many of you have questions.
I've just spoken with the police, who are still
putting together the details of what happened.
What they do know is Martha died a violent death.
Oh.
Yes, I know.
It's hard to hear.
Apparently, there was a struggle.
They found scratching and bruising on her body,
several broken bones, and traces of dirt in her lungs...
which leads us to believe that she was still alive at the time of her burial, and probably in great pain.
But the good news is there are no signs
that she had been molested.
Now I think it's time that you return
to your homes, to your loved ones.
Oh, in lieu of a memorial service,
I'll be holding an estate sale day after tomorrow.
Please - no personal checks.
By the next morning, everyone on Wisteria Lane
was aware of Martha Huber's demise...
Hey, guys, check out my dead woman.
With no exceptions.</font>
Okay, boys.
Hey, mom.
You see this gum?
If you promise to be quiet while I am downstairs
playing cards, it's all yours. Deal?
Yeah.
Deal.
Yeah, okay. That's what I like to hear. All right, good.
I mean, what are the odds?
First Mary Alice, and then Mrs. Huber?
I mean, it's shocking.
Yeah, but this is different.
Someone was actually murdered on our street.
I remember talking to her right before she disappeared.
You did? What'd you talk about?
Oh, actually, she yelled at me for not
bringing my garbage cans in.
I'm going to miss her.
Edie.
Hi.
Hi.
Come on in.
Oh, you're all here.
Yeah, tuesday is poker day.
Really? Oh, you know, I love poker.
Okay, then.
Well, here's the deal.
Since the ice queen isn't doing anything
to memorialize her sister,
I have decided to carry Martha's ashes up
to torch lake and scatter them myself.
It's where her husband proposed.
That's so sweet.
I know.
So I thought that some of the neighbors
could caravan up there,
and we'd have a little ceremony.
I've printed out maps if anyone needs one,
and the dress is semi-formal.
You know, Edie, I'd love to go,
but, um, I just got back into modeling,
You know, just for fun, and I have a gig tomorrow.
I can't leave them hanging.
I wish I would have known earlier.
I would have arranged a sitter.
Darn, I have to take Rex to his angiogram.
Hmm.
Well, Mayer? What's your excuse?
Um, just, you know, busy stuff.
Well, your friends are much better liars.
Okay, mommy's friends are gone now, and you can --
Oh.
Ow! Ow!
Well, yeah, I know it hurts,
but that's what you get when you let your brothers
put bubble gum in your hair - pain and misery.
Are you mad at me?
Yes. Yes, I am mad at you.
Ow! Ow.
And I'm also cranky. You know how
you get when you haven't taken a nap?
Well, mommies are the same way.
We need our downtime, and if we don't get it --
Sorry.
We end up saying and doing things
which we don't normally do.
Ow.
And that's frustrating for me, too,
'cause I do want to be the best mommy I can be.
I think you're the best mommy in the world.
Well, that's sweet of you, but... it's not exactly true.
I was so afraid when I suggested a picnic
that you'd make fun of me,
But I just think it's such a lovely, old-fashioned
way to spend an afternoon.
Well, as it happens, I'm an old-fashioned kind of guy.
Oh, and we got so lucky with the weather.
It's just absolutely --
You know, your lunch hour's almost up.
We probably should be getting
you back to the pharmacy.
Wait.
I've had such a good time these last few days,
I just want to show my appreciation.
Another gift? I hope it's not another orchid.
They're so expensive.
Relax. This didn't cost me a dime.
Okay.
George, you shouldn't have.
This... is a 9-millimeter luger p08.
From the moment you said you were in the NRA,
I knew I wanted to give it to you.
I can't accept this, George.
This is an antique. It's too valuable.
It's okay. My grandpa left it to me.
It was surrendered to him by
a soldier during World War II,
and since I don't know how to shoot...
It's so lovely.
I mean, look at that handle.
Is that mother-of-pearl?
I think so. Only the officers'
models had that.
Do you really like it?
Oh, absolutely.
Oh, George. This is just
so much better than an orchid.
Hi. I'm Susan Mayer.
I saw you from across the street.
I thought you might need a hand.
No thanks.
I-I'm sorry for what happened.
It must be really hard, not knowing who did it or why.
You must feel helpless.
A bit.
I'm hoping her journals will provide some insight.
Journals.
Yes, Martha kept them for years.
Oh.
So she must have written a lot of things in them.
Every mundane detail of her life.
And everyone else's, for that matter.
The police want to see them,
but I'm stalling them till I have a chance
to read through them first myself.
Wouldn't want any embarrassing
family secrets getting out.
That's smart. That's - that's good.
That's good to hear.
I am so screwed.
Mom, calm down.
Everything about the fire and the measuring cup
is going to be in that journal.
Everyone is going to think I'm an arsonist.
It may not be as bad as it looks.
What, you think there's a chance Mrs. Huber didn't
write about it in her journal?
Please. It's great dirt.
I even put it in my journal.
You're going to have to get to Mrs. Britt and come clean,
convince her it was an accident.
If she doesn't press charges,
the police will probably just let it go.
Are you high? Edie hates me.
That's why you're going to grovel
at her feet and beg forgiveness.
That's right.
You're going to have to suck up to Edie Britt.
Hey, Mike.
As you can probably see by now, I took back my money
and what little information you managed
to dig up on your neighbors.
Your replacement's going to need it.
Pack up and move on with your life.
Sorry for the mess.
We're here.
10 minutes early.
Sign me up?
You just missed the rush. Sorry.
No, no. I-I planned ahead.
We're - we're 10 minutes early.
Oh, my god.
What?
When you said you had a sick child,
I had no idea.
How long has it been?
Uh, just kind of snuck up on us.
And he's so young, too.
God, it just breaks my heart.
Oh.
No, see, here's the thing
You go ahead into class.
I'll find room for your kids.
Okay.
Hey, Edie.
Susan.
Boy, I've got to say, I envy you.
In the name of god, why?
Well, you get to build your dream house - for free.
I mean, in a weird way, your house
burning down was really a good thing.
There's nothing good about it.
I can't replace the memories, the photographs,
the - is there something you want?
Okay, here's the deal, Edie --
I - I --
I-I - what?
Spit it out already. I'm busy.
I just wanted to see how you were holding up.
You know, with Mrs. Huber and everything.
My best friend was murdered and
stuffed into a garbage bag,
and nobody cares enough to...
go with me to spread her ashes.
I'll go with you, Edie.
Hey.
Oh, thank god. I'm starving.
Well, dig in. I am way too tired to eat.
Hey. I'm sorry. Come here.
Mm?
So did you get to go by the hospital, visit mama?
I worked 10 hours today.
I'll go by tomorrow.
She doesn't even know when I'm there.
She's going to wake up soon, I know it.
And you know what would make her really happy?
Oh, god, if you say a grandchild, so help me, Carlos --
Gabrielle, please.
No, you promised - no babies.
Things change.
Yeah, I know. The feds towed away my maserati,
my husband is - is a felon,
and I spend my days getting groped by fat tractor
salesmen at trade shows.
I am well aware things change.
A baby is solid, a constant.
And who's going to be changing the diapers when
you're pumping iron in a federal prison? Huh?
I like my lifestyle, and I don't want you to kill it.
Well, look around, Gabrielle. It's already dead,
and there's nothing you can control.
Maybe, but having a baby?
That I can control.
You I can control.
Hey, you can't talk to me like that.
I'm still the man of this house.
Oh, really?
The man of the house?
Don't walk away from me.
Hey, hey, my food.
Gabrielle! Come back here right now!
Hey!
Hey!
I wouldn't go too much farther.
You're going to end up back in prison.
Damn it, Gabrielle, get inside now!
Mmm.
Hey, I waited all day for that!
Mmm, it's perfect.
Oh. Mmm.
Crispy and burnt on the outside,
but nice and steamy on the inside.
Aah, aah, aah!
Mnh-mnh.
Mmm.
You're the man of the house?
You can't even leave it.
Mmm. Oh. Oh.
I love this.
It's like a little adventure.
I've never fired a gun before.
The memory of this night will stay with you forever.
Really?
Oh, yeah. You always remember your first time.
God, I hope I brought enough bullets.
You know, Bree, I - I can't tell you what these
last few days have meant to me.
Finally getting out of the house and trying new things.
Oh. Well, we sure have had some fun.
No, no, it's - it's more than that.
I'm starting to forget what it feels like to be lonely.
Oh, George, that's so sweet.
Now come on. Let's go shoot something.
Now, before I fire a handgun, I like to go over a few
of the basics just to make sure I'm ready, okay?
So number one, strong stance.
Two, high hand grasp.
Three, hard grip.
Four, front sight.
Five, release the safety, and then
squeeze the trigger slowly.
What's a high hand grasp?
Here. Take the gun.
Okay, now, when you're firing a semiautomatic,
you want the web of your hand all the way up
against the edge of the backstrap.
What is that perfume you're wearing?
Uh, I'm not wearing perfume.
Are you sure? Because you smell amazing.
Oh, I was making macaroons before I left the house.
Okay, now, I want you to hold the gun
like you're holding a beautiful white dove.
Hold it firmly enough that it can't fly away,
but not so firmly that you can kill it. Got it?
I think so.
Okay.
Now all you have to do is take a deep breath
and squeeze the trigger.
George!
Aah!
Oh! Oh, George!
Oh, my god! Are you okay?
Oh, George! I'm sorry!
Hey.
Hey, George.
I'm so sorry you lost your toe.
The doctor said it's the middle one,
so your balance shouldn't be affected.
I mean, this really won't change your life one little bit.
Please say something.
I've always dreamed that before I died,
I would get to kiss a truly beautiful woman.
I finally get the chance, and I end up blowing off a toe.
I'm not surprised.
This type of thing always happens to me,
and I - I know I'll get over it.
But the thing that I don't think I'll ever get over
is that when I did kiss you, you pulled away from me.
Why did you do that, Bree?
I was just caught off-guard.
But we're dating.
Why would it be so surprising I would try to kiss you?
I'm still married to Rex. I mean, we're not
even legally separated yet.
He cheated on you.
You said you were going to hate him forever.
You shouldn't listen to a woman who's
just had her heart broken.
We tend to lie.
'Cause I think we're already late. Hi. Sorry.
Lynette knew serious illness was not
a matter to be treated lightly.</font>
Come here.
What are you doing?
I'm just picking up my sick, poor, little baby boy.
All right, here. There. Okay. Come on.
But making her yoga class
was a matter of life and death.
Sorry. Sorry.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Hey, Lauren, hi.
We had a really rough morning.
Don't give it another thought.
I bet you were a cheerleader
in high school, weren't you?
My junior year. How'd you know?
Girls like you were always cheerleaders.
Clear skin, honor roll, popular.
In high school, I was the girl that hung out with
the freaks on the loading dock and smoked.
Everyone hated us.
Well, you know high school.
Thank god we leave that behind.
See, I don't think we do.
I'm still the outsider that doesn't
get invited to the cool parties,
and you're still the perky cheerleader who thinks
that she can pull the wool over everyone's eyes.
What?
You came on this trip, paid for the gas, and look at you.
You're changing this flat
when you know I have auto club.
You want something from me.
I just know Mrs. Huber's death's
been hard on you. I want to help.
That's a lie.
Why would you think I was lying?
Because we're still in high school.
The old rules apply.
The cool kids only want to talk to the freaks
when they need something.
Now, you're not getting back in my car
until you tell me what it is that you want.
Okay. Look, uh, I --
I just haven't always treated you well,
and I want to make amends.
I still think you're full of crap, but we
don't have time to debate this.
You know, for what it's worth,
I would have talked to you in high school.
Of all the lies you've told...
That's the worst.
Single malt?
Have a seat. Take a load off.
I want it all back.
My maps, pictures, my gun... and the money.
Oh, my money, you mean.
You are never going to get somebody who cares
as much about finding deirdre as I do.
Why, because you loved her so much?
You abandoned her, remember?
You saved yourself, found yourself a nice, safe wife,
and you left my daughter to rot,
so forgive me if I question your level of commitment.
I need to do this.
Why are you fighting me?
Because you haven't been moving fast enough,
and I'm running out of time.
What do you mean?
It seems I have a tumor.
Apparently, it's pressing on my brain.
I'm going to die, and I'd like to know what
happened to my daughter before I do.
Oh, that was the best class ever.
I just feel terrific. Thank you.
Oh, Lynette, this is my friend Callie.
Hi.
Hi.
She wanted to meet Parker.
Oh, really? Why?
I'm a survivor.
Breast cancer.
About six years ago.
Can I hug your son?
Sure.
I know exactly what you're going through,
but you're going to be brave, okay?
And you are going to survive this,
because you are a tough little soldier.
Mommy, am I dying?
No. You're not dying.
People just think that because I shaved your head.
You shaved his head?
Yeah, my brothers put bubble gum in my hair.
Sorry.
Excuse me.
And just like that,
Lynette realized the road to enlightenment
and spiritual well-being was now closed to her.</font>
 Shanta Yoga Center-
Oh, George. What - w-what a surprise.
See, uh, I've been doing a lot of thinking
since we talked at the hospital,
and...
and?
Bree, I don't care what we call it.
We can call it dating, we can call it hanging out.
Whatever it is, I just want to be with you.
See, uh, I really need our friendship back.
I don't think that would be wise.
Why not?
Well, I mean, wouldn't you keep hoping that, in time,
I would feel the same way about
you as you feel about me?
Maybe.
Oh, George.
I wish you wouldn't say "oh, George" like that,
like I'm so pathetic for even thinking
that you could love me someday.
I don't think you're pathetic. It's just that --
I can't.
Aw, jeez.
Aw, jeez.
Oh, George, please don't go.
Why can't we talk this over?
George --
Don't - ugh!
Oh, my god.
Oh, George, here,
Take - get away from me!
Lean on me.
I don't need you.
I don't need anybody!
You know, honey, tonight's the last
night of the boat show.
We'll be able to spend some time together before
the home and garden thing next week.
Carlos?
I'm going to jail, and you're not going
to be here when I get back.
What?
It's true, and I won't blame you.
Don't talk like that.
Everything's going to be fine.
We're going to sort this mess out, and you're
going to be back on top again.
Gabby, they could find me guilty on every charge.
I could go to prison for five years.
We'd probably have to sell the house,
you'd have to keep working --
Okay, Carlos --
If that happens, can you promise you won't ever leave?
I promise.
I got to go.
This is far enough.
Do you need help with the container?
No, I got it open. I'm good.
So what are you waiting for?
I just need a moment, okay?
Oh, of course. Take your time.
Are you okay?
No, I'm just so grateful.
I know. I-I know.
Mrs. Huber was a good friend to you.
I'm not talking about Martha.
I'm grateful to you.
Me?
Yeah, I've been such a bitch to
you over the years, and...
Here you are, rowing me out to dump her ashes.
Well, it's - it's really no - no big deal.
Yes, it is.
You stepped up when nobody else would, and --
and here I am, thinking you have an ulterior motive.
Oh. God, Susan,
you're such a good person.
And I'm such a bitch.
Oh, Edie, you're not that bad, and --
and - and believe me,
I'm - I'm not that good.
Oh, yes, you are.
Oh, please don't do this.
You know, Martha may be gone...
But the good lord above has
shown me that I'm not alone.
I am so grateful that I still have a true friend.
Thank you, Susan.
Edie, I burned your house down.
Huh?
I was scared that you were sleeping with Mike,
and so I let myself in, and I-I snuck around.
I-I accidentally knocked a candle over,
and the whole - just - I'm so sorry.
Can you ever forgive me?
Row me back.
Now.
I'm sorry about before - shoving you.
I didn't mean - I'm not going to break.
I'm sorry, too.
Questioning your commitment, your guts --
I know better than that.
Yeah. You should.
I keep this with me all the time
to remind me why I'm there.
If it turns out someone hurt her, I want them dead.
We need to be sure before we do anything.
Well, when you're sure,
I know I can trust you to take care of it.
After all, you already killed for her once.
Yeah, is this the pharmacy?
My wife asked me to call.
She lost her prescription.
Gabrielle Solis.
Yeah, the birth-control pills.
Great, great. She'll be very relieved.
Can she get enough for a couple months?
Yeah, that's right.
Better safe than sorry.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, do you guys deliver?
Edie, please talk to me.
I've been thinking about this for the last 90 miles,
and you don't have to forgive me.
You can go to the police, kick me.
You can burn my house down.
You just have to know that I am so racked with guilt,
I don't think it's possible for me to suffer
any more than I'm already suffering.
Boy, I'd like to put that theory to the test.
Well... whatever you want to do, Edie.
Just know that I'm sorry.
I'm not going to the police.
You're not?
No.
The insurance company will just want to investigate,
and it'll delay my check.
Thank you.
But...
there is something I want you to do for me.
Of course. Anything.
You name it. What?
I want to be invited to your poker game.
Our poker games?
I'm not saying I'll go, and I'm not saying that you and
your little friends have to be nice to me,
but every once in a while, yeah, it'd be nice to be asked.
Well, uh, we meet on tuesdays, and it's potluck lunch.
Everybody has to bring something.
I'm not bringing anything.
Oh, you don't have to.
Well, this is good.
Thank you.
I guess I should go take a shower and...
wash Mrs. Huber off me.
Hold it.
I can't stand the thought of Martha's ashes
going down some sewer drain.
Well, Edie, I-I have to clean up.
Well, this is such a beautiful lawn.
We could put her to rest right here.
On my front lawn?
Why not?
She could spend all of eternity looking at her house
and keep an eye on the neighborhood.
She'd like that.
Stand over here. I'll hose you off.
I don't think so.
You owe me.
Martha... I'm going to miss you.
Death is inevitable.
It's a promise made to each of us at birth.
But before that promise is kept, we all
hope something will happen to us.</font>
Whether it's the thrill of romance...
Hey, come back here!
The joy of raising a family...
I'm going to get you!
I'm going to get you!
Or the anguish of great loss...
we all hope to experience something
that make our lives meaningful.</font>
But the sad fact is not all lives have meaning.
Some people spend their time on this planet
just sitting on the sidelines...
waiting for something to happen to them...
before it's too late.
</BODY></SAMI>
previously on "desperate housewives"...
Were you with a woman?
He cheated on you.
You said you were going to hate him forever.
You shouldn't listen to a woman
who's just had her heart broken.
Sometimes ending a relationship...
I don't care what we call it.
I just want to be with you.
I don't think that would be wise.
Can be very hard.
I'm the one who was sleeping with your son.
But, Helen, it's over now.
But keeping secrets...
It's not even close to being over.
is even harder.
I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
I killed my baby sister.
&nbsp;
Okay,30 seconds is up now.
I want you to put this --
whoa, whoa, whoa! Back here, back here!
Come back here! I want the toys picked up!
How many times do I have to tell you, pick up your toys!
You want a spanking? Okay!
There's a look that parents of well-behaved children
give to the parents of the not-so-well-behaved.
Porter, don't you dare look at me like that.
I will wipe that smirk off your face...
It's a look that says,
"you should learn to control your kids."
We're just going to clean the yard...
"After all, they're your responsibility."
&nbsp;
Hey! I'm not fooling!
Of course, it was easy for Susan to feel
smug with a daughter like Julie.
She always brought home straight A's.
Oh, you did it again!
She was helpful around the house.
&nbsp;
How you feeling?
She was bright, affectionate, and considerate of others.
&nbsp;
To her mother's way of thinking,
Julie was the perfect child.
Unfortunately, Susan was about to discover
that no such creature existed.
&nbsp;
Mom.
What's going on here?
W-were you just kissing my daughter?
Uh, I - a little.
What are you thinking?
Mom, calm down.
She's only 14!
Yeah, I should - I should probably be going.
You think?
&nbsp;
Oh, just...
See you Friday.
Well - what is he talking about?
What- what's happening on Friday?
He's taking me to the school dance.
No, he's not.
Mom, I know you saw us kissing,
but you've got to chill now.
Well, don't tell me to chill.
I have no intention of chilling.
Whatever. I'm taking out the trash.
You're not going anywhere.
You're going to stay here and talk about this.
I'm not going to talk to you while you're freaking out.
Just so we're clear, you are not
allowed to see him anymore.
There is also a look the parents of not-so-well-behaved
children give to parents like Susan.
It says, "welcome to the club."
&nbsp;
Episode 13 : Your Fault
&nbsp;
Suburbia is a place filled with responsible people
trying to live responsible lives.
&nbsp;
Of course, even the most responsible among
us has mistakes in their past...
&nbsp;
Mistakes they'd like to forget.
&nbsp;
Mistakes that sometimes come back to haunt them.
I'm going to go get the mail.
&nbsp;
Helen, uh, what are you doing here?
Hello, Gabrielle.
I don't believe you've met my husband Bob.
Hi. So nice to meet you.
&nbsp;
Um... we, uh, came to talk to you about our son.
I haven't seen John in weeks.
He's called and left messages,
but I haven't returned any.
It's over, I swear.
We're not here about that.
We need you to do something for us.
Oh. Okay.
John surprised us last night when he announced
he was turning down his college scholarship.
Instead, he's decided to expand his gardening business
- mow lawns full-time.
Well, why - uh, why would he do that?
We don't know why.
Do you think we'd be talking to you if we did?
You'll have to forgive my wife.
She's still upset over the whole, um...
Statutory rape thing.
Helen.
What do you want me to do?
He's refusing to talk to us.
If you could just convince him
that he's making a big mistake...
John and I made a clean break.
I think it's best that we just keep our distance.
Please.
Last week he turned 18 and moved out of the house.
We're stuck.
I'm sorry.
I'm - I'm - I'm so sorry.
I just can't handle this right now.
I have my own personal things going on.
My life is falling apart.
I don't care.
H elen.
We haven't gone to the police about what you did.
But that can easily change.
&nbsp;
I'll see what I can do.
&nbsp;
G ood.
&nbsp;
So nice to meet you.
Ahem.
&nbsp;
You can do this, all right?
Just - just scooch down a-a few inches and --
and I'll - I'll grab you.
No, you'll drop me.
I'm not going to drop you.
I might strangle you for climbing up here in the first place,
but drop you, no. Come on.
&nbsp;
Hey, okay, just wait, okay?
Grandpa!
Look at me. Don't come down.
Look who I found wandering around the airport.
Hey, Rodney!
Is Parker back up on the roof?
Yep.
Yeah. See if he can find that frisbee while he's up there.
Yeah, I'm going to get right on that.
Oh, how's my favorite girl?
She's so happy to see you.
It's such a shame that Allison couldn't make it.
Oh, just another business trip
for the wandering salesman.
She'd be bored to tears.
Hey, Parker!
Come on. Aren't you going to give me a hug?
It's grandpa!
Don't take it personally.
He's scared to climb down.
Oh. Can I give it a shot?
Yeah, sure.
Knock yourself out.
Yeah.
Be careful.
Parker, I got a question for you.
It's only one, but it's kind of an important question.
A character-defining question, actually. Want to hear it?
Mm-hmm.
Only a little girl would be afraid to come down the ladder.
Now, you're not a little girl, are you?
&nbsp;
I'm not looking at a little girly-girl, am I?
&nbsp;
Are you okay?
Come on.
Wow, you got him down.
How'd he do that?
Sexism.
&nbsp;
Let's start off by addressing the division of assets.
Well, we're not prepared to discuss either the primary
residence or the retirement plans at this time.
Are you prepared to discuss the cars, the antiques?
I'd like to start by discussing
the country club membership.
Access to the facilities is integral to
Dr. Van De Kamp's medical practice.
What are we doing here?
&nbsp;
Uh, I'm sorry, Rex?
I'm talking to my wife,
surrounded by lawyers, dividing up our stuff.
I don't want this. I thought I did, but I don't.
Maybe we should talk this over before it's too late.
What do you say, Bree?
Should we send the vultures home?
&nbsp;
I want to keep the club membership.
Rex is terrible at tennis.
And he hates buffets.
Okay.
If you'll turn to page 2of the proposed settlement,
you'll find our prioritized list.
Right.
They were kissing, huh?
Right at my kitchen table.
You must have shocked the hell out of them.
Well, I'm glad you can laugh about this.
They're just being kids.
This is easy for you. You're the father of the boy.
I'm the mother of the girl.
You know, if things get out of hand --
Yes, yes. I get it, Susan.
Now...what is it you want from me?
&nbsp;
Well, I want to know that I am not the only one
who's worried about this,
and I want to know that if the two of the mare over here,
that they are going to be supervised,
and I really want you to stop looking at me like I'm crazy.
The only reason I'm smiling is because
it's practically irrelevant.
I've sold the house.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
We'll be moving at the end of the month.
You sold the house?
Zach.
Why didn't you tell me about this?
I wanted to wait until it was official.
You told me when I got back from Silver Crest
that you'd reconsidered. You lied to me.
I think you need to take your medicine.
What, you think pumping me full of drugs
is going to keep me quiet?
Upstairs now!
Well, you don't care about me,
and you didn't care about mom!
You know what?
I wish she'd shot you instead.
&nbsp;
So you're moving.
&nbsp;
We're all going to miss you.
In the future, checklists mean is it in the car,
not, like, do you remember it, okay?
The next morning, before Parker Scavo's
little league game had even begun...
hurry!
Hey! I'm not the one that forgot my mitt.
A major player was about to be tagged out.
&nbsp;
Hi.
&nbsp;
I, uh... I thought you guys were at - at practice.
Oh, Parker, um, forgot his catcher's mitt.
&nbsp;
Uh, Lynette, this is Lois McDaniel.
She's one of my major supplier sin the area.
She's in paper products manufacturing.
&nbsp;
It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too. You have a lovely home.
Thank you.
Just working out, uh, some of these new contracts.
You know, hammering out some of the little things,
the minor details --overhead, the shipping costs.
Mommy, look what I found.
&nbsp;
I'm sorry. These are mine.
Thank you.
They must have fallen out of my purse.
&nbsp;
Well, um, we don't want to be late for the game.
Nice to meet you.
&nbsp;
Hey.
I'm not speaking to you.
Didn't like the settlement talks, huh?
You only demanded the good china
because you know I love it.
You take our timeshare in aspen, and I'm vindictive?
Come on. You'll hardly ever use that place.
Hardly?
How about never?
All right, fine.
When I move out, I'm going to use
your good china for takeout food.
Yeah - pizza, spare ribs...
Well, you know what? At our next settlement talks,
I plan on asking for your golf clubs.
&nbsp;
Isn't divorce fun?
&nbsp;
It's time for your heart medication.
&nbsp;
You know, I meant what I said at that meeting.
I will fire my lawyer tomorrow. Just give me the word.
Sweetie, I think it's too late.
Why?
Because you were unfaithful.
But if you could find a way to forgive me,
if we could find a way to be happy,
wouldn't you want that?
You know what I really, truly want?
Revenge.
&nbsp;
I mean, if somehow we could level the playing field,
then, um, maybe I could find a way to come back.
&nbsp;
So what does that mean, you want to have an affair?
&nbsp;
Okay, uh... so who are we talking about here --
your dopey pharmacist?
Would that hurt you, Rex, if I slept with another man?
It would devastate me.
&nbsp;
Here you go.
Bree, you --you can't possibly --
Rex, time to take your medicine.
&nbsp;
I got it!
&nbsp;
She doesn't hate you. My mom just worries.
She thinks I'm crazy.
No, she doesn't.
Well, maybe a little.
You didn't tell her what I told you, did you?
About what happened to Dana?
Zach, I can keep a secret.
I promise I will never tell her.
What's that noise?
&nbsp;
Hi. W-what are you doing here?
I was walking outside, and I saw you in the window.
I was surprised. I never thought
of you as a diner person.
I'm not. The coffee's just dreadful, and --
Well, it's late, and I needed to get out of the house,
and it was the only place still open.
Yeah.
&nbsp;
I didn't mean to interrupt.
&nbsp;
George?
&nbsp;
Would you like to join me for a dreadful cup of coffee?
&nbsp;
It was my first week in college, and I went to a meeting
of the young republicans where Rex gave a speech,
and I went up to him afterward and introduced myself
and told him that I agreed with
his stance on the death penalty.
He took me out to a diner, and, uh...
We stayed uptill 2:00 in the morning talking about big
government, gun control... and illegal immigration.
Oh, it was just - t was just such a magical night,
and I knew by the time he got me back to my dorm hat
one day, I was going to be Mrs. Rex Van De Kamp.
Wow.
&nbsp;
And even now, you know, after the betrayal, I --
I know that we're supposed to be together, but...
I don't know how I can be with someone I don't trust.
So...what are you going to do?
&nbsp;
That I don't know.
What do you think I should do?
You're asking me?
Oh, I should not have done that. I'm --
Oh, no, no. No, it's okay.
No, George, it's not okay. It was insensitive.
I know how you feel about me, and I --
No, Bree, I --I want to help.
&nbsp;
Thank you.
&nbsp;
So...does he love you?
&nbsp;
Yes.
Is he a good person?
Aside from the adultery, yes.
Well, then it's easy.
If I could get a good person to love me,
would find a way to forgive them.
&nbsp;
You are such a special man, George Williams.
And you deserve such a special woman.
I think so.
&nbsp;
Where are you going?
I thought I'd just eat this in my room.
You know, the house isn't that big, Rodney.
You're going to have to stop avoiding me.
&nbsp;
Okay, okay.
Lois isn't a supplier.
Really.
And I want to apologize.
I-I thought you and the kids ere
going to be gone all afternoon.
Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
Well, for starters, you can wipe that
disgusting smirk off your face.
Lynette.
How could you do something like this to Allison?
I don't know. I don't know.
It happens a little bit at a time.
Years go by, the kids burn you out,
I'm on the road so much.
We just drifted apart. It's complicated.
It's not complicated. It's completely irresponsible.
For years, I have stayed married to a woman that
I don't love because I made a vow to god.
So don't talk to me about responsibilities.
So your take on this is you're the victim?
Oh, I can see that we're just going to
have to agree to disagree.
We're not done here.
Oh, yeah, we are, cause my sex life
is my own business, not yours,
and there's nothing you can do about it anyway.
&nbsp;
Dad?
What are you doing?
I don't want to talk about it.
Talk about what? Does Lynette know you're out here?
Oh, yeah, she knows.
Will you drive me to the airport?
Wait here.
Hey, Lynette.
Yeah?
Why is my dad sitting out on the curb?
Because I kicked him out of the house.
I-I see. You want to tell me why?
Hold on.
I made you a drink.
Oh, god. What did he do?
&nbsp;
Yesterday, I came home, and I walked in
on your dad with a woman.
He's having an affair. I am so, so sorry.
God.
I know, I know. Are you okay?
Yeah. Um, I should go talk to him.
That's it?
What?
I just --I expected a bigger reaction.
I've been sitting herewith knots in my stomach.
Okay, look, I never mentioned this before because
I knew how you'd react, but, um...
I'm not that surprised by this.
My father's been having affairs for years.
&nbsp;
You knew about this?
Yeah. Kind of, yeah.
I mean, I mean, it was mostly in the past.
I mean, I didn't know that he was still at it.
I mean, I figured he was getting too old.
In some strange way, I'm actually impressed, you know?
Impressed?
Impressed? I --
Tom, please, please don't tell me
you're all right with this.
I'm not. No, no.
He should never have brought that woman over here.
No, he should never have been with her in the first place.
I know, I know.
But, you know, that's who he is.
I mean, it's been going on for years.
My mom's made peace with it.
I seriously doubt that.
Look, you know, there's no point in talking about this,
but I'm going to go get my father,
I'm going to bring him back in here,
I'm going to put him in his room,
and we can all just cool off.
That man is not coming back in this house.
Yes, he is.
No, he's not.
Lynette, he is my father, this is my house.
You can't tell me what to do.
&nbsp;
I say we go up there and kick the door down.
Yeah, dad, you do that.
Let me knowhow that works out for you.
&nbsp;
Hi, um...
&nbsp;
I don't know if I have the right address.
Does John Rowland live here?
I'm really glad you came by.
I was going to call you again tomorrow.
&nbsp;
Uh, yeah, I'm --
I'm sorry I haven't returned any of your calls.
It's okay. I'm just happy to see you.
I heard about Mr. Solis.
It sucks you had to take a job.
Yeah, well, you know me --
I'll survive.
&nbsp;
Come here.
&nbsp;
Oh, no, John.
I, uh...I didn't come here for that.
What's wrong?
Well, I heard that you're going full-time
with your gardening business.
What happened to college?
I decided not to go.
Why?
Well, an opportunity has presented itself,
and for me to take advantage of it,
I need to start making money.
John, what opportunity is more important than college?
For the longest time, the only thing
I had to offer you was my heart,
and Mr. Solis gave you security, and I couldn't compete.
You know, but now, he can't even
offer you that, and I can.
My business is taking off. I can take care of you.
We can finally be together.
&nbsp;
Mrs. Solis...
&nbsp;
will you marry me?
&nbsp;
Please. Why else would you want
to chaperone the dance?
Mrs. Van De Kamp needed volunteers.
She begged me.
You're so transparent.
Anyway, you won't even know I'm there.
Well, not too much.
Julie, you know you can tell me anything, right?
Yeah, mom.
So if you had a problem or some sort of
secret was weighing on you...
Of course.
I'd tell you everything.
&nbsp;
You know, I can't believe you're
just uprooting us like this.
We need a fresh start.
Here.
You want to get it about like this.
So many bad things have happened around here.
Finally I have someone I can talk to.
It's like you want to take that away.
You mean Julie?
Yeah.
What bad things do you talk to her about?
Do you talk to her about your mother?
Yeah.
And other stuff.
Like what?
Zach. Like what?
Dad...
This is what I've been trying to talk to you about.
Okay...
Ever since mom died, I've --I've started to remember things, just quick flashes from when I was little.
Nice and taut like this.
What kind of things?
&nbsp;
Lots of blood...
mom screaming...
and Dana.
&nbsp;
I remember killing Dana.
&nbsp;
You told this to Julie?
I trust her.
Did she tell her mother?
I don't know.
&nbsp;
Start from the beginning.
I want you to tell me everything that you told Julie.
&nbsp;
Hey.
Hey. What's that?
Uh, well, I was going to give it to you,
but I saw that the other girls weren't wearing flowers,
so I guess it's not that kind of dance.
If you don't want to stand out, I'd understand.
I like standing out.
&nbsp;
What's Paul doing here?
Oh, he's chaperoning.
He called a couple of hours ago and volunteered.
Really?
Why? What's wrong?
Well, the other day, he could have cared less
about Julie and Zach dating,
and now, all of a sudden, he shows up at the dance?
Maybe he's just trying to be supportive.
Maybe.
&nbsp;
Dr. Van De Kamp.
Hello, George.
My cardiologist phoned in a prescription.
Oh, right, right.
I've got it here somewhere.
&nbsp;
So have you seen Bree lately?
Yeah, I ran into her last night at the dineron
maple avenue. We had a nice talk.
Mm.
That's all you did --just talk?
We're just friends, Dr. Van De Kamp - nothing more.
That's good to hear.
You know, if you ever do get a vibe from Bree that
she's interested in more than just friendship,
I'd be careful if I were you.
Excuse me?
I just want you to know that she'd only be using
you to even the score with me.
Don't fall for it.
Bree would never do anything like that.
She's a lady.
Exactly. A very beautiful, classy lady.
Remember, they tend to end up
with doctors, not pharmacists.
&nbsp;
Bree is very beautiful and very classy,
but she's not very perceptive.
For instance, she thinks you're a good person,
and it's now very clear to me
you aren't.
&nbsp;
I'd like my prescription now, George.
&nbsp;
 R. VAN DE KAMP -
&nbsp;
I can't seem to find it.
Guess I'll have to have it delivered.
Thank you.
No. Thank you.
&nbsp;
Paul.
Did you notice? They're playing a classic.
&nbsp;
Yeah.
Care to dance?
&nbsp;
I'd love to.
&nbsp;
I have a little confession to make.
Oh?
I have been so concerned about Julie lately that
I sort of eavesdropped on her the other day
while she was having a phone conversation with Zach.
Really.
They were having a very interesting conversation.
About?
Zach was telling Julie about what happened to Dana.
Was he now?
Yes.
&nbsp;
How much did you hear?
Everything.
&nbsp;
You realize it was an accident.
Oh, of course. I assumed as much.
He didn't mean to kill Dana.
&nbsp;
He was practically a baby himself.
He didn't understand what he was doing.
No, of course he didn't.
So what happened exactly?
Mary Alice and in ever really knew.
We heard the baby screaming.
By the time we got up to the crib, it was too late.
Paul, I am so sorry.
Thank you.
&nbsp;
So you and Mary Alice just kept this
to yourselves all these years?
It was a very dark chapter in our lives.
We preferred not to relive it.
It was also a private family matter.
I'd appreciate your discretion.
&nbsp;
Sure.
&nbsp;
Look...
I want you to know that I'm really sorry I talked to Julie,
but she did promise me that she wasn't
going to say anything to her mom.
It's okay. I handled Susan.
Good.
But we need to talk about these things
that you think you remember.
They're not true.
How can they not be true?
Memories lie, Zach.
&nbsp;
You didn't kill anyone.
&nbsp;
Dana is very much alive.
&nbsp;
Hi. What are you doing here?
Where is it?
What?
The ring, Gabrielle. My grandmother's ring.
John caught me off-guard.
Obviously, I'm going to give back the ring.
Well, you better, because make no mistake,
if you try to ruin my son's life,
I will ruin yours.
Helen, okay. Go to the car.
Come on, please.
Just - please.
&nbsp;
Obviously, I'm not leaving my husband
and marrying John.
Well, I think that's wise.
I-I'll talk to John tomorrow and give back the ring.
Okay, good, good.
Um, we appreciate everything you've done.
Hey, Bob.
I get why she's so angry with me, but what
I don't get is why you're so nice.
Well, John's a big boy.
Whatever happened between the two of you
is his mistake as much as yours.
I guess.
I understand if, uh, if you hate me just a little.
&nbsp;
When I was a kid, I always played by the rules.
I never cheated on a test, never even missed a curfew.
But I can't help but think...
how wonderful it would have been to have made
at least one mistake like you.
&nbsp;
That's sweet. You're - you're very sweet.
Yeah. I'm a little sweet.
&nbsp;
Mostly I'm just middle-aged.
&nbsp;
 SOLD -
&nbsp;
Are you okay?
I know this is a lotto digest all at once.
I'm fine.
I'm just happy you finally told me the truth.
&nbsp;
One thing, though - why are you telling me all this now?
I couldn't let you keep thinking that you killed someone.
No one should carry that kind of burden.
Or you just didn't want me running my mouth.
That's not what it's about.
Yes, it is.
&nbsp;
I won't tell anyone.
I'll keep your secret.
&nbsp;
Dad.
Thank you.
But we're not moving.
That's out of the question.
&nbsp;
Well, I'm not leaving Julie, and if you
want my support, that's the deal.
And if I refuse?
You won't.
&nbsp;
So here's the thing --
I feel really awful about how I acted before.
For god's sake, Lynette, you threw
me out of my own house.
I overreacted, I know. I'm sorry.
Look...
I know you love my mom, but how she decides to live
her life, it's just --it's entirely up to her.
You're right. You're right.
&nbsp;
I guess I just got so upset because... oh, whatever.
Let's not beat a dead horse. It's over.
I'm sorry. Good night.
&nbsp;
Okay, get it off your chest.
Well, you knew your dad was having an affair,
and it didn't seem to bother you that much,
and that worries me, because if you can find it
in you to condone something like that,
then what's going to happen when you've
been on the road for 40 years?
Lynette...
I'm not my father.
I know. Of course.
You're not your father.
&nbsp;
And just so we're absolutely clear,
I am definitely not your mother,
because if you ever betray me, I will leave you.
I will take the kids, and I will walk out that door,
and you will never see any of us again.
&nbsp;
Whoo. Glad to get that off my chest.
Thank you. I love you.
&nbsp;
Couldn't sleep, huh?
No.
Me either.
&nbsp;
I'm so sorry about the ruckus I caused.
It's okay. I'm not, uh...
I'm not upset about that.
No?
No.
&nbsp;
What's wrong?
&nbsp;
There's something that Lynette doesn't know about,
dad - something that I did.
And I don't know what's going to happen
if she ever finds out.
&nbsp;
The next morning, Gabrielle returned the
engagement ring to her former lover,
a gesture that was met with... measured enthusiasm.
Please, calm down.
This doesn't make any sense, okay?
You love me. I know you love me.
Love isn't enough.
Where would we live --here, with your roommates?
The only decoration in the bathroom is a bong.
We could get our own place.
How? You're barely making minimum wage.
Okay, sure, we'd be poor at first, but we'd be happy.
I've tried poor but happy.
Guess what --it wasn't that happy.
Mr. Solis is going to jail.
You want to stick around for that?
I don't know.
You know, every once in a while,
even I want to do the right thing.
Mrs. Solis, I love you so much.
I mean, doesn't that mean anything to you?
&nbsp;
Honestly, no.
John, you're a toy - a sweet, dumb toy,
so you might as well go to college,
because you and me - no future.
&nbsp;
Ms. Mayer, hey. Is Julie home?
She's in the shower.
Oh.
Well, I just came by to give her some good news.
What's that?
Well, it turns out that my dad
and I aren't moving after all.
What?
Yeah, he reconsidered, so I guess
we're going to keep living across the street.
Okay.
Wow, uh... wow.
You know, uh, c-can you sit down?
I-I need to talk to you.
&nbsp;
Hey.
&nbsp;
Do you know that Julie is the first girl
I ever gave a flower to?
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, I-I really like her, Ms. Mayer.
Zach, um...
&nbsp;
Julie is only 14 years old,
and sometimes girls, when they're that age,
they just don't always make the right decisions,
and, um... as her mother, it is
my responsibility to protect her.
You want to protect her from me?
No, I-I just --
I think that you should slow things down.
I-I want you to not see her for a while.
No.
"No"?
You're not taking her away from me.
&nbsp;
Listen, I know being dramatic is the birth
right of every teenager, but come on.
Why are you laughing?!
Do you think this is funny?
&nbsp;
Thank you, Zach.
You have just made this really easy for me.
You are now forbidden from seeing or
talking to my daughter ever again,
and if you come within 10 feet of her, I will call the police,
and I will have you arrested. Now get out.
&nbsp;
Sooner or later, the time comes when we
all must become responsible adults
&nbsp;
and learn to give up what we want so
we can choose to do what is right.
&nbsp;
Of course, a life time of responsibility isn't always easy.
&nbsp;
And as the years go on, it's a burden
that can become too heavy for some to bear.
But still, we try to do what is best, what is good --
not only for ourselves...
but for those we love.
&nbsp;
Hey.
I'm glad you came.
Zach, I can't stay long.
If my mom catches me, she'll freak.
Come here.
&nbsp;
She said I can't see you anymore.
What are we going to do?
I'm not sure.
&nbsp;
Yes, sooner or later,
we must all become responsible adults.
No one knows this better than the young.
&nbsp;
Previously on "Desperate Housewives"...
Turns out someone hurt her.I want them dead.
Sometimes...
I'm running out of money.
I'm going to be screwed.
You might want to think about looking for a job
Ha
The answers...
if you could just tell me what he told you,
then I could fix the problem.
I can't do that.
To life's biggest questions...
I had the nightmare again
What do you think the significanceof the name angela is?
Actually,that's my real name
Are buried...
she hasn't been dead a month,
and it's like you've totally forgotten she ever existed
-...Under even bigger lies
Zach was telling julieabout what happened to dana
He didn't mean to kill dana
Most mothers will tell you
their children area gift from god
Most mothers will also tell you
that the gifts their children give them
are less than heavenly
Lynette had suffered through
artwork made in kindergarten
spice racks made in summer camp
and jewelry made at the scout jamboree
But this day, Lynette scavo received a gift
every mother dreams of --
one she wasn't embarrassed to display
Where'd you guys get this pot?
We made it
Really?
I love it
Well, this is the nicest present
you boys have ever given me
And you know what? I'm going to put it out on the front porch
so the whole neighborhood can enjoy it
Lynette knew she'd cherish the memory of that moment
for the rest of her life
The memory of that moment
was ruined the very next day
Mrs Mccluskey, why are you taking my flowerpot?
Because it's mine
Your boys stole it off my porch
No, no, no
My sons made that for me for valentine's day
I bought this in costa ricaon my last cruise
You see?
It's still gotthe price tag on it
Look
What? Nothing more to say?
Cant get your tongue?
You listen to me --
keep your brats off my property
Yes, most mothers will tell you
their children area gift from god
Most motherswill also tell you
there are some days when you wish
you could return them
S01E14  Love is in the air
It was the day before valentine's day,
and every man on Wisteria lane was preparing
for this most dangerous of holidays
While some purchased romantic cards,
and some brought home candy and flowers
and some made dinner reservations
at fancy restaurants
others managed to forget about
the day entirely
...again
This flurry of activity was lost
on the women of Wisteria lane
They were busy learning a secret
about their neighbors
a secret that was positively heartbreaking
So paul said that Zachary killed Dana?
Yeah
Well, it must have been some sort of accident.
I mean, little boys don't just kill their baby sisters
Well, whatever it was, that boy is seriously disturbed,
and I've forbidden Julie from hanging out with him
Could you hold her?
So this is it
This is the secret that mary alice was trying to protect
Think of the guilt that she must have lived with
You know, I never thought I'd say this,
but I kind of feel sorry for Paul
I wish I could
I still feel like something's not right
What do you mean?
Well, we've all been in their house.
Have you ever seen a picture of another kid there?
I mean, why keep dana's baby blanket
and throw out all the photos?
That's a good point
We never answered why Mary Alice referred to herself
as Angela in that therapy session
All I know is this - Mary Alice loved Zach
more than anything in the world
When you love a child that much
...you're capable of doing all sorts of things
Yeah
These were delivered to my house by mistake.
May I?
They're for mary alice young
Oh, my god
I, uh had a standing order with the florist
I forgot to cancel it
Mary alice was my wife.
She passed away a few months ago
I'm very sorryfor your loss
And I'm sorryfor yours
Pardon?
Your sister - Martha?
Oh, yes
Her
Good lord, that's Angela
What?
Angela Forrest.
We worked together in Utah
It must be 15 years ago
I'm afraid you're mistaken.
My wife's name was mary alice
She's never been to Utah
Well,I could be mistaken
As I said, it's --it's been years
No, Mickey, you're wrong
I wasn't acting like a Diva
I left the boat show because that coordinator
was making passes at me
I mean, it's not my fault.
Yao Lin, you missed a spot
No, spare me the lecture
and just book me another job quick
Carlos and I are up to our asses in bills,
and we can't pay them
Fine. Bye.
What did you say?
Nothing
Are you going to clean that spot?
Which one?
The one I told you to clean
I'll get to it
Clean it now
Why?
Because I said so
Okay. But you've gotto say please.
Fine, please
Anything to get you back on your knees
scrubbing where you belong
You are not better than me!
Excuse me?
The only reason you have anything in your life
is because you're pretty
One  day you will be old, and when that happens,
you'll be nothing
You are so fired
No kidding ?
Ooh, Valentine's day card. It's pretty.
And meticulously hand-painted.
Whoever sent you that must really love you
and be loaded with talent
It's beautiful. Thanks
So are we still on for tomorrow night?
Oh, not only are we on,
I got reservationsat la petite fleur
Ooh, that place is so pretentious
I've been dying to go there
Boys! Get your little fanniesinside!
G uys?!
Oh, poor Lynette. If she doesn't geta new
nanny soon, she's going to implode
Hey, guys, who you hiding from?
Our mom. She wants to spank us
Why, did you do something bad?
Well, you know, if you hide out too long,
she'll get worried. Then she'll just get madder
You know what I say?
Go on home, take your lumps
There's a decent chance
you'll have the rest of the day to play
Come on, climb aboard
Ha ha ha. All right
Pretty impressive!
Well, I love kids
Can't wait to have my own someday
Oh!
We don't wantto get spanked
Yeah, we promisewe'll be good.
Too late. You stole, and then you lied.
Even worse,
you made me look bad in front of Mrs Mccluskey,
who you know is mommy's sworn enemy
Time to pick your poison
How about a belt? It's a classic
Well, we could go with the old hickory stick.
It's a cliche but it's pretty effective
I know - we'll go with the spatula
The holes give itless wind resistance
Moves faster
No! No! No! No! No! No!
Guys, guys, guys! Hey, my hands are tied.
Thieves get spanked. Just the way it works.
Unless...
Unless what?
For a first-time offense, if you swear, cross your heart,
that you will never,never steal again,
and you write Mrs Mccluskeya letter of apology
I will let it slide
Okay, okay! We swear! Yeah! We swear!
All right, start with "Dear Mrs Mccluskey"
Mommy, why are you smiling?
Do you know what "psychological warfare" means?
No
Well, too bad for you
Okay, start with a big "M", "c"
Good
Rex and I are hosting a dinner party
for 10 next week
We're using our best china and serving duck
So you and Rex are a couple again
Yes
You know, that's one of the things
I hated most about our separation --
not being able to throw dinner parties
There's just something so civilized
and elegant about them, don't you think?
I take it you've resolved your feelings
about his infidelity?
Let's just say I've put them in an imaginary box
and don't plan on looking at them for a while
Do you think that's the healthiest way
to achieve a reconciliation?
Well, it won't be easy at first
There'll be a lotof forced smiles
and perfunctory lovemaking,
but after a few decades whiz by,
I'm sure I'll find a wayto forgive him
Well, as long as you have a plan
I do want to forgive him, Dr Goldfine, but
there's something he's still not telling me
Really?
I think it has something to do with
why he had the affair
Have you confronted him?
Once
and you should have seen the look in his eyes.
He was terrified that I'd figure it out
You know what it is, don't you?
Bree, I can't discuss other patients
I realize that
This thing that he's hiding - is it bad?
Haha. Maybe it's better that I don't know
Bree, how does this reconciliation have a chance
if the two of you can't be honest
about the innermost parts of your lives?
We're, um, WASPS, Dr Goldfine.
Not acknowledging...
the elephant in the room is what we do best
You'd settle for that --
a life filled with repression and denial?
And the dinner parties
Don't forgetthe dinner parties
Hey there, over there, you got your queens
and your quad-spring series
and your deluxe 1000s,
all the way to the imperial paradise
Sweet racket, huh?
Mm
I swear, sometimes I wake up in the morning,
and I can't believe I'm the Siesta king
Except for how I am
Very impressive. Haha
So where does the photographer
want me for the shoot?
Uh, didn't your agent tell you?
There's no shoot
Well, then, what did you hire me for?
You've heard the expression "sex sells"?
That's where you come in
You're here to remind people that
there's a lot of fun thingsthey can do
on a Siesta king mattress that
don't involve sleeping
Get it?
It is often said that
good fences make good neighbors
But as Lynette was about to discover,
the fence might just need a little barbed wire
if the neighbor is Mrs Mccluskey
Hey, what do you think you are doing?
Get out of here
Your little criminals snuck into my house
and stole my wall clock
What?
It was a hand-painted purple
and white wall clock
My son made it
Are you sure you didn't misplace it?
You're getting up there in years. No offense,
but you probably forget where you put things
No offense, but you should be sterilized
Look, my boys do not break into people's houses
Sure, they may have stolen your flowerpot,
but, you know,they apologized for that
They wrote a note
That the coward's way out.
They should have come over and apologized in person
You  know what?This has been fun, but now --
you let those boys run wild
Toys all over the yard,
there's bikes laying out in the street
It's a disgrace
Get out of my house!
Those boys would have been
better off raised by wolves
God knows, they would have been cleaner
Ooh!
Valentine's dayis tomorrow
I know
Already bought your gifts
Roses and english toffee?
Mm-hmm. Just like always
Yes
And I suppose we'll make love
tomorrow night, too?
That is our little tradition
Good. I'm looking forward to it
Are you looking forward to it?
What?
Well, it's just that I know
that I don't please you sexually,
so I was wondering if you really were
looking forward to being with me
Aw, for god's sake
I'm sorry, Rex
I thought I could pretend
that this doesn't upset me anymore, but I can't
Please don't do this
You had an affair
You went to another woman
for sex to give you something I couldn't
At least have the decency
to tell me what that something is
Bree, I can't
Why not?
Rex, please tell me
Let me prove to you how much I love you
I like to be dominated
Sexually
Never mind
Rex, please, I want to understand
Turn your head. Don't look at me
Please, mistress, no! Yes, slave. Yes, mistress, yes, yes
But, mistress --
On your knees, now right now
Tighten your cuffs. Tighten them
Yes, mistress
Do it now. Head down
Yes Yes Ow! Yes!Ow! Yes!
Place the stickin your mouth
Yes, mistress Yes!
Well?
What the hell did your mother do to you?
What?
Well, come on, this just reeks of
unresolved childhood trauma
This has nothing to do with my mother, Bree
This is a preference
It's a perversion
For god's sake, you promised to be supportive
What do you want me to say --
my husband likes to wear metal clamps
around his nipples, hooray?
I want you to say you'll try it,
just - just once
Try what? Hurting you?
You actually want me to hurt you?
So I can feel pleasure, yes
Fine
So was it goodfor you, too?
Mike wants babies
What?
He wants to have kids,
and he had that look that men get
that says, "I'm ready to procreate
Point me to the nearest cervix"
And I take it this is a problem?
Oh, I can't have another baby
I mean, I'm so grateful I had you
You know, I don't regret a minute of that, but I --
I found it to be completely overwhelming
Sometimes I even wonder how I got through it
You and me both
So have you told mikehow you feel?
Oh, I can't tell him
This could bea deal-breaker
Julie, I really love him. I don't want to lose him
Maybe you're overreacting
I bet he'd rather have you than a baby
What if he doesn't?
Then that's something you need to know
Susan shouldn't have been so worried
Children were the last thing on mike's mind
He was too busy searching for answers
...in all the wrong places
Please, just --
You got lucky
Didn't hit anything major
Noah's getting impatient
Well, you can tell Noah I'm getting closer
That's her, isn't it?
Yeah
Hard to believe a kid from such a good family
could get so messed up
I met somebody who recognized her photo
They think she rented a room over on Pine Avenue
I was checking out houses when
Hey, mike, it's me. Are you there?
Pick up. Hello.
Okay, I know you're home.
Your lights are on
Look, I really need to talk to you about something.
You know what?I-I'm just going to stop by
Oh, hey, hey. I'm here
Are you okay?
Yeah
I just - ha ha --stubbed my toe
Oh
So can I come over?
I-I really need to talk to you about something
Actually, I got a buddy over here right now
Um, can it wait till dinner tomorrow?
It's kind of important...um
yeah, I guessit can wait
So see you at 7:00?
All right I'm counting the minutes
You should take it easy
for the next few days
Well, I can't cancel
The last thing I need is for her to get suspicious
Maybe it's my dementia, but I still haven't
found my purple wall clock
Nobody in my family knows or cares
where your stupid clock is
Oh, and by the way, will you tell your little criminals
to get their bikes out of the street?
Oh, I-I'll get it
No, don't you dare
We'll move it when you say please
Please
Okay, L-lynette, let's not get crazy
Even thoughit was Mrs Mccluskey,
who had officially declared war,
it was Lynette who decided to
deliverthe opening salvo
You're  goingto clean that up
You think so?
Yes
Yes, the war of Wisteria Lane would indeed prove
to be messy for everyone involved
Pardon me. Pardon me.
We were wondering what the
coil count is on this one
Please do not talk to model
Sorry
What is this?
People keep comingand talking to me,
asking me questions. That is not my job
Well, you don't have to be rude
I am not a mattress salesperson
Is there something wrong
with being a mattress salesperson?
Is it beneath you or something?
Honestly, yes
I'm a model
You know what? Your agent warned me
that you were a Diva, and he was right
You won't talk to the customers,
you bitch about the coffee,
and you wouldn't even chip in
for hazel's birthday cake
I just met the woman today
That didn't stop you from having a piece
I'm sorry, but I don't want someone
around my store that's not a team player
Oh, no, no, no. Wait, wait --
You're fired, princess
I need to know if my policy covers it
No, my car actually wasn't involved.
It was my neighbor's car
But the egg was mine
Uh-huh, can I please speak to your supervisor?
Uh, honey, can you come out here?
What?
Look what I found stashed in the boys' playhouse
Please tell me that's nota purple wall clock
Pack your bags. We're moving
Discouraged over losing her job,
Gabrielle decided a makeover would be
the perfect curefor her depression
It was after finding a moisturizer
she couldn't afford
that it finally occurred to Gabrielle
perhaps it was her pride
that needed a makeover
Excuse me, miss?
You forgot to give me my receipt
Oh, right
Uh, oh, here, here you go
Thank you. Come again
Mrs Solis?
Ooh, god
Hello
Hello, Yao Lin. How are you?
Good, very good
I wanted to call you
I felt terrible about how we left things
I need lipstick
Okay, but --
Now
You must be loving this, huh?
Having me serve you must be
a dream come true
Can't complain
That's the difference between you and me,
Yao Lin. Our dreams
Close your eyes, please
Thank you
You see, I dreamed of pulling myself up
from nothing, and I did
I dreamed about the things I wanted,
and I got them all
a high-powered career, a handsome husband,
an extravagant house
So this is just a blip on the radar for me,
because now I know what I'm capable of,
and if I did it once, I can do it again
I'm never really down, Yao lin,
even when it looks like I am
So enjoy this moment. Enjoy your dream
'Cause for you, it doesn't get
any better than this
There. Don't you look beautiful?
Right this way
Everything okay?
Oh, yeah, this dress is just riding up as it is
If I walk any faster, it'll be happy
valentine's day for everyone
Especially me
Thank you
Excuse me, miss?
Oh, I'm so sorry! Is - is everyone okay?
Oh, thank you. Thank you so much
Oh, ma'am,your napkin
Don't even think about it
Oh, that's so wonderful
what you wrote. Thank you
I'm not going to be any type of company
until I get something off my chest
Do you remember the other day,
when you said that you wanted to have kids?
Here's the thing:
I don't think I'm ready to have another baby
I think we need to have a serious conversation
Well, sure
I'm not going over there
Yes, you are
No, I can deal with the humiliation of going around
to the neighborhood, returning everything the boys stole,
but please, don't make me apologize to that woman
Lynette, this is what it means to be a good neighbor --
finding ways of getting along
...instead of, you know, hurling an egg at them
But why do I have to apologize? Why don't we just go,
"oh, now we're even," and we'll start from scratch?
Okay, if the, uh, beinga pleasant human being argument
doesn't fly with you, we'll try, uh, self-preservation
What if she wakes up in the middle of the night,
the house is on fire?
You don't want her to call 911?
If our house catches fire, I guarantee you
she's the one that started it
My point is the day will come
when we need her help,
and I don't want her not to help us
just because of some silly feud
Fine I'll do it
Wow, thank you
You know, whoever came up with the motto "love thy neighbor"
clearly lived nowhere near Carolyn Mccluskey
Yes, well, on valentine's day, the only motto
that really matters is, you know,
"love thy husband"
Really? I-I recall no such motto
Hmm hmm
I mean, I understand why you would want to have kids,
but that chapter of my life is just closed
You know, I-I don't think I can go back there
And so, you know, given the way I feel
and given the way I think you feel
Oh, god. You're not taking this well
Oh, I was afraid of this
what?
I got to go
What?
I'm sorry
I don't believe this
You're - you're leaving without even trying
to talk me into having your baby?
I mean, how do you know I wouldn't cave?
I always cave, I --mike?!
Good night
Good night
So how does this domination thing work?
So there's nothingto be afraid of
I mean, mostly, we'll just be constructing
simple scenarios and acting them out
So it's like we're in a little play
Sort of
And if things do get too rough,
we'll have a control word
If one of us says it,
the other backs off immediately
Okay, so what's our control word?
Well, lately. I've been using Philadelphia
What's wrong?
Well, it's just that my aunt fernlives in philadelphia,
and I don't want to be thinking about her
while I'm spanking you with a leather strap
Okay fine. You pick a control word
Um, how about boise?
Boise?
What's the matter with boise?
We're going to be doing psychological
role-playing here, Bree,
and a funny word like boise will ruin the mood
We need something that sounds serious
Hmm
How about Palestine?
Boise will be just fine
So I guess we should, uh, get started
What do you want me to do?
Handcuff me to the bed
Bree, you are not going to regret
taking this journey with me
This is going to in fuse our marriage
with more passion than you can imagine
You just have to trust me
I do
Would you mind if I ran
these through the dishwasher once?
Sure
You can wait here. You can go in to see him
as soon as the doctor's finished
Oh, okay thanks
Can you believe that story?
Please, there's no way that gunshot wound
was self-inflicted
Funny how he can't seem to remember
who stitched him up
Well, the police are on their way to talk to him
Let them sort it out
Sorry about ruining dinner
Oh, please I'm just glad you're okay
So, you shot yourself?
Pretty lame, huh?
Yeah, I was just cleaning my automatic, and
I was too embarrassed to tell you
Well, I can see why you would be
I know it sounds crazy I just --
I couldn't let myself ruin your valentine's day
But I heard what you said at the restaurant
about not wanting kids
We don't have totalk about that now
No, susan
I just want to be with you
above everything else
If that means not being a dad...
I may be stupid enough to shoot myself,
but I'm not stupid enough to
walk away from you
You know that, right?
Yeah
I'm going to go outside and
let you rest for a while
Thanks
for being so understanding
Ma'am. Excuse me, Mr Delfino,
I'm officer Russell. This is officer Walters
I'd like to ask you a few questions. Sir, if you feel up to it
What do you want?
The boys have something
they'd like to say to you
I have some tea heating on the stove.
Perhaps you'd better come inside, boys
What about you, Lynette?
Do you have anything to say?
No. I'll just wait out here
Suit yourself
You boys want some peanut brittle?
Go ahead
Don't get any crumbson my floor.
Move over
Okay. Go ahead.
Make with the apology
We're sorry
That's it, huh?
Didn't you know that stealing is wrong?
How old are you, anyway?
We're 6
And how old are you?
5
Well, your mother just pops them out,
doesn't she?
How old are you?
How old do you think?
Hurry up and eat your peanut brittle
Who's that?
That's my little boy
Where does he live?
He died when he was 12
How come?
He got sick
He was a little terror like you three
You would have liked him
Now, are you done with the peanut brittle?
Let's go
Now, I want to say something
to you before you go
What you did was wrong,
but it's nice that you wanted to get a present
for your mom for valentine's day
Nobody's ever going to
love you like your mother
All right, let's go
Get the hell out of my house
In her heart, Lynette knew she would
probably never love her neighbor,
never realizing that love was the one thing
she and her neighbor had in common
Hey
Hey, Lynette, what's wrong?
My kids have beenon kind of a thieving jag,
stealing stuff from around the neighborhood
I'm so sorry
I know. They're being punished,
probably for life
But I needed you to see something
They said they stole it from Mike's garage,
from inside his workbench. Your Mike?
So?
Read the engraving
Is that blood?
I don't know
What --what does this mean?
I don't know
It's impossible to grasp
just how powerful love is
It can sustain us through trying times
or motivate us to make extraordinary sacrifices
It can force decent men
to commit the darkest deeds
or compel ordinary women
to search for hidden truths
And long after we're gone,
love remains...
burned into our memories
We all search for love,
but some of us, after we've found it,
wish we hadn't
Captions by Raceman; Sync by Bigmac
John, you're a toy.
You and me - no future.
Once some things are said...
Remember what it was like
To work a 60-hour week?
You can't take them back.
You are never going
To get somebody who cares
As much about finding dierdre
As i do.
You shot yourself?
Pretty lame, huh?
The damage is already done.
Mom!
You're not taking her
Away from me.
Get out.
Lynette: i needed you
To see something.
They said they stole it
>From mike's garage.
Is that blood?
Mary alice: bree van de kamp
Believed
In old-fashioned values.
Things like respect for god...
The importance of family...
And love of country.
In fact, bree believed
So strongly in her values,
It was always a shock
Whenever she was confronted
With those who didn't.
It's not mine.
You promised
The cheating had stopped, rex.
You promised.
Could we not yell
At each other?
I'm feeling
Really lousy today.
I want you
Out of the house!
Bree, look at me.
It's not mine.
Well, then,
Whose is it?
It just didn't magically
Appear in my laundry basket.
Well, i'm not the only guy
In this house
That uses that hamper.
No.
Sorry.
Andrew is still a child.
He's 16.
It's not unheard of.
Honey, you have to
Talk to him.
And tell him what?
Tell him that
We found his condom,
And that he is forbidden
From, you know...
I can absolutely tell him
That we think he's too young,
But i don't think
It's going to do any good.
Well, then, the least we can do
Is go search his room,
And if we find any more
Of these, we'll confiscate them.
And that will
Accomplish what?
Well, if we take away
His condoms, maybe --
He's a teenage boy.
We could take away his penis,
He'd still try
To have sex.
Well, we can't
Put it back in his room.
I mean, that would be
Like we're condoning him
Having premarital sex.
Bree, let me
Put this another way.
Do you want
To become a grandmother?
Yes, bree believed
In old-fashioned values.
But she also believed...
It was better to be safe
Than sorry.
Mary alice: each new morning
In suburbia brings with it
A new set of lies.
Little white lies,
Told not to hurt...
Morning, mrs. Petchel.
You lo lovely today.
But to make life
More pleasant.
They tell these lies
To protect themselves
And their reputations.
Oh, for god's sake.
This is unbelievable.
That's the last time
I do my banking online.
Of course, every now and then,
The day arrives
When someone finally decides
To tell the truth.
He was shot?
How could you
Not tell us about this?
He was embarrassed.
He said it was an accident.
Oh, don't look at me like that.
Accidents happen.
We know
That you want to trust mike,
But he had a dead woman's
Jewelry in his garage.
Now, did he?
We don't know that for sure.
All we know
Is that lynette's kids
Turned up with it.
So what are you saying,
That the twins murdered martha?
Well, i wouldn't
Put it past them.
I'm saying that
That is about as likely
As mike having done it.
He's a good guy.
I know him.
I mean, he's --
He's mike.
Honestly, i don't think
Mike did it, either,
But if we don't call,
We're guilty
Of withholding evidence.
Well, you know what?
If he is innocent,
This should be
A simple matter to clear up.
But we will do
Whatever you want us to do.
Okay, call.
So shall i just dial 911?
Well, it's not really
An emergency.
There was a murder.
Well, not recently, and i prefer
Not to tie up the line.
Will you just call?
[ dialing ]
[ teleone rings ]
[ knock on door ]
H ey.
My mom will be home
Any minute.
She'll freak
If she sees you here.
Oh, i just wanted
To deliver this personally.
I'm having a party.
You know she doesn't
Want us to see each other.
Well, you got to come.
I - you're the reason
I'm doing this.
I'll try to talk
To my mom, okay?
But you really
Got to go.
Hey,  mrs. Solis.
I'm sorry.
Do i know you?
Yeah, i'm justin --
John's roommate.
Been waiting forever
For you to show up.
Really? Why?
I want
To do you a favor.
What kind of favor?
Well, john says that
You can't exactly afford
A gardener right now,
And i told him
I'd be happy to do it...
For free.
You want to mow my lawn
For free.
Mow your lawn,
Water your flowers,
Trim your bushes.
I could do everything
John did for you.
That's very generous of you,
But i don't thk so.
Why?
Because my husband is home
Quite a lot these days.
If any bush needs trimming,
He takes care of it.
Well, this is
A very beautiful yard.
I'm sure it could use
A little extra attention.
I'm flattered,
But no, thank you.
Mrs. Sol, please.
Did i mention
Why my husband's home a lot?
He's under house arrest.
Oh?
He has a lot of anger
Toward the government right now,
And he's just dying to find
Someone to take it out on.
[ justin sighs ]
[ boys yelling ]
Hey, guys?
This isn't a hockey rink.
Can you take it outside?
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
I didn't get
The v.p. Gig.
Oh, tom,
I am so sorry.
It just doesn't
Make any sense to me.
I mean,
I'm peterson's go-to guy,
So how does tim duggan,
The biggest blowhard
In the office,
Get promoted
To vice president over me?
I thought you liked
Tim duggan.
I do. I just...
I don't know.
I just --
I really wanted
That promotion.
Hey, boys, can you please take
The stanley cup finals outside?
Well, did you tell mr. Peterson
That you wanted the job?
I have worked at that firm
For 8 1/2 years.
Duggan's been there
For less than two.
I am not
Going to beg.
I'm not saying to beg.
You just have to
Step up from time to time.
You have to see your opportunity
And take it.
Nobody respects
A shrinking violet.
There is more than one,
You know, leadership style.
Mine is quiet,
But effective.
Take that racket
Outside!
Well,
Whatever works for you.
Mike: susan.
Hey, sexy.
Where you been?
I called you twice.
You avoiding me?
Don't be silly.
Why would i do that?
No, i've just been
Really busy grocery shopping.
For two days?
Must be pretty well stocked.
How about dinner tonight?
Uh...
Dinner tonight? Um...
You okay?
Can you hold these
A sec?
Up against the car!
You have the right
To remain silent.
Anything you do say
Can be used against you
In a court of law.
You have the right
To consult an attorney.
If you cannot afford
An attorney,
One will be
Appointed to you.
So get this --
Zach young's throwing
A pool party saturday night.
Sent out a bunch
Of formal invitations,
Complete
With fancy lettering.
I'm surprised he didn't
Spritz them with after-shave.
What is wrong
With nice invitations?
Andrew: mom,
It's a pool party.
Why couldn't he have just
Passed out flyers in the quad?
'Cause he's genetically
Incapable of being cool?
So, uh,
Are you going?
Mm, maybe.
I mean, um,
Lisa and justin --
Some of the guys thought
It'd be fun to swim.
We can always bail
If it's as lame
As we think it's going to be.
Oh,  is, um, lisa your friend
With the pierced navel?
Yeah.
You've been spending
A lot of time together lately,
Haven't you?
I guess.
Oh, uh, andrew,
I'm going to want you home
By 11:00 on saturday.
11:00?
Mom, it's not even
A school night.
Bree, a curfew isn't
Going to do any good.
You may be able to abdicate all
Your parental responsibility,
But i cannot.
What --
At's going on here?
Would this have to do with
The condom you left in my room?
As a matter of fact,
It does,
And just so we're clear,
If you get lisa pregnant,
You will marry her.
Ha ha.
Andrew,
This is not funny.
Mom, trust me --
This is very funny,
Mostly because
The condom wasn't mine.
You suck,
You know that?
So obviously,
We need to talk.
I'm still a virgin,
If that's what you want to know.
Well, good.
But why on earth
Would you need a condom?
Because i'm planning
On having sex,
And i don't want
To get pregnant.
Danielle, you are president
Of the abstinence club.
I wasn't planning
On running for a second term.
John.
John rowland? I thought
You broke up with him.
No, he broke up with me,
And you want to know why?
Because i wouldn't do it.
Well, if that's the type of boy
He is, then good riddance.
Mom, every boy at my school
Is that type of boy.
Besides...
It's different with john.
I love him.
Oh, sweetheart,
Just because
You give a boy sex
Doesn't mean
You'll get love in return.
So maybe
I'm being stupid.
What's the big deal?
It's just sex.
Honey, i am looking out
For your happiness.
Now, i understand
What it's like to be young
And feel urges,
But i waited until
I got married,
As did your father,
And it was so much better.
But daddy ended up
Cheating on you.
Yes, well...
And ever since
He moved back in,
You've been miserable.
Why would you say that?
The walls between our bedrooms
Are paper-thin.
I hear more stuff
Than i probably should.
Oh.
Look, mom,
I love you a lot,
But you really are
The last person
To ever give anyone advice
About sex and happiness.
Have you seen these?
Five more
Past due notices.
Don't worry.
I'm handling it.
How? How are
You handling this?
Can i please
Finish my sandwich?
Have you seen
Our checking account lately?
We're broke.
And then we have
The mortgage payment coming up,
We have property taxes --
Gabby, it's going
To be okay.
No, it's not.
We are seriously screwed,
And i am freaking out
That you're not freaking out.
Look, things will
Turn around.
When?
I don't know when.
But we're lucky people,
And we'll be lucky again.
[ motor whirring ]
What is that?
It's the lawnmower.
We got
A new gardener today.
It's not going
To cost us a cent.
The kid's
A friend of john's.
Carlos --
And he said that
He'd do the lawn for free.
Can you believe it?
We are lucky people.
[ crowd cheering ]
You got it!
Yeah, duggan!
Go, man!
All right! Hey, guys,
Good to see you again.
Ha ha ha.
Hi.
[ groans ]
Don't look so glum.
You're going to get a hit.
Oh, it's not that.
This is
My "hating tim duggan" look.
Oh.
Oh! Duggan connects.
[ crowd cheering ]
Look at the job-stealing
Bastard run.
Ggan is really showing
Some of that glory-hounding,
Ass-kissing hustle that he is
So well-known for.
I  forgot how much fun you are
When you're bitter.
Oh, look, he's stretching
For extra bases,
Just like he stretched
For extra territory
Screwing over unsung
Utility player tom scavo.
Ooh! Down goes duggan!
Duggan goes down!
That's gotta hurt.
Well, the glory hound
Is tagged out,
And, well, he's going
To have to deal
With some tough dirt stains,
That tim duggan.
Tom...
Oh, no, look, i'm sure
He's just grandstanding.
Oh, my god.
Holy crap.
It's only a pool party.
Everyone's going to be there.
I said no.
What are you going to do,
Keep a boy-free zone
Around me until i'm 18?
You can see boys
In a couple years,
Just not that boy.
Why do you hate zach?
I don't hate zach.
I just think
He's sort of crazy.
Mom, i've heard people
Call you sort of crazy.
Well, i'm adorable crazy,
And he's rampage crazy.
[ knock on door ]
Susan mayer?
Yeah.
I'm detective copeland.
I'm investigating
The rder of martha huber.
I need to talk to you
About mike delfino.
Do you remember
Seeing mr. Delfino
On the 7th
Of last month?
Is the 7th important?
Well, we believe
It was the night
That martha huber
Was murdered.
She was last seen
At the grocery store
Around 9:00,
And then
She didn't show up
For a dentist appointment
The next morning.
What day was that?
It was a sunday.
Oh. Ha ha.
Oh, my god, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, i-i was with mike
That night.
You're sure.
Yes, i was.
Yep, it was a big night
For us relationship-wise.
It was the firstime
That we
The first time you...
Did it.
The first time
They did it.
Julie!
Well, it was.
How did you know?
I'm not clueless.
I found men's boxers
In the clothes hamper.
Oh, don't write
That down.
Oh, but this is good.
You can let mike go.
He's innocent.
Well, assuming everything
You're telling me is true.
It's true.
The next morning,
She made pancakes
In the shape of little hearts.
Seriously.
Little hearts.
[ gasps ]
Oh, god.
Justin, what are you
Doing up here?
Uh, i finished
The hedges.
Is there anything else
Mr. Solis wants done?
I don't know.
He's not here.
He had a meeting
With his lawyer.
So i guess that means
We're all alone.
No, that means
I'm all alone.
You're leavi.
I'm not in a hurry.
Come on, maybe we could
Hang out for a little while.
I don't think so.
Come on.
If you just got to know me,
You'd see i can be lots of fun.
All my friends say so.
Well, i'm not interested
In becoming one of your friends.
Get out of my bedroom.
Come on, mrs. Solis,
Be nice.
Aah!
You shouldn't
Have done that.
Do you know
How easy it would be
For me to call my husband
And tell him
What you just tried to do?
Not easy as it'll be
For me to tell him what happened
Between you and john.
I-i'm sorry,
Mrs. Solis,
But you're going
To have to be nice to me...
At least once.
Mike!
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
I'm a little bit embarrassed.
I must be
The talk of the neighborhood.
No. Not really, no.
So guess what --
I'm your alibi.
I told the police
That we were...
Together the night
That mrs. Huber was killed
And that i could
Never forget that night.
So you don't think
I killed mrs. Huber.
No. No, of course not.
I could never think
You killed anybody,
Even if i wasn't
Your alibi, which i am.
Okay, i'm, um...
I'm going
To go take a shower.
Jail's kind of gross.
I'll call you later,
Okay?
Sure. When?
Ha ha.
Later.
All right,
I've just got some stuff
I got
To take care of, okay?
Okay.
Mrs. Van de kamp.
Hello, john.
I'm sorry to drop by
On you unannounced.
Do you have a moment?
Sure.
So...
What can i do for you?
Well, i'll tell you.
My daughter is planning
On giving you her virginity,
And i would consider it
A personal favor
If you wouldn't take it.
Hey.
Hey.
So what's the word
On tim?
He came through
The triple bypass
With flying colors.
Ah, thank god.
Of course,
It's not all coming up roses.
He's not going to be able
To come back to work for...
4, 4 1/2 months.
Oh.
What?
The company still needs
To expand, so i figure,
They need a fit,
Heart-smart guy like me
To step up,
Take the ball.
You're going after
Tim duggan's promotion?
No. I already got it.
You shld have seen me.
I walked straight
Into peterson's office,
And i told him
That he would be a fool
To hold duggan's promotion.
Ha ha.
You called your boss
A fool?
I did.
That was risky
In retrospect,
But you know what?
Still, he gave me the job.
Oh, my god!
That's great.
Honey, it's me.
I'm the man, i've got
The whole west coast --
Oh, my - what?
What?
The whole west coast?
I thought you were going after
An in-house position.
No, no, no. I'm setting up
New offices from seattle to l.a.
I-i told you that.
No.
No, you didn't.
Okay.
Well, so it's going to be
A little bit more travel, but --
More travel?
Tom, you're barely here
Half the time as it is,
And now you're going to have,
What, twice the workload?
Honey, please,
Don't ruin this.
I'm sorry, but you should have
Consulted with me.
I did. You told me to stop
Being a shrinking violet
And to step up.
I thought this was
An in-house position.
Okay, i'm going
To go shower.
Look, wait, wait.
I know what this means
To you.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
I am 41 years old.
If i don't make
Vice president now,
It's never
Going to happen.
This is my career.
It's - it's important to me.
So was mine,
But i'm here, aren't i?
I'm going to take the job.
She said
That you broke up with her
Because she refused
To have sex.
Wow. Um...
Okay, here's the deal --
I said that,
But it was just an excuse.
I mean, the truth is...
I wasn't that into her.
Really?
And she was always so proud
Of never having done it,
I figured, hey,
This is my way out.
Well, she feels
Very passionately about you.
Well, don't geme wrong.
She's nice.
The truth is...
There's someone else.
Oh.
Are you going steady?
Not exactly.
We were seeing each other
Pretty regularly,
But this
Other lady - girl --
She sort of dumped me.
Oh, i see.
Well, look,
I'll talk to danielle,
And don't worry --
I'll let her down gently.
Um, actually,
I would prefer if you didn't.
Huh?
I know my daughter.
She's very determined,
And unless
You're really firm with her,
She's going to continue
To think that there's hope.
Okay. I'll be firm.
Better still...
Be brutal.
Decided to indulge
Your sweet tooth, huh?
I'll be dead
Inside a year.
I got bigger things
To worry about
Than my waistline.
So...
Who's the woman
They think you killed?
Martha huber,
Local busybody.
I thought
Her murder was random.
Nothing random about her jewelry
Ending up in your garage.
Did you kill her?
No.
Whoever set me up
Did a good job, though.
The cops
Are all over me.
You're getting close
To something.
Well, if i am close,
I don't see it.
What i'm saying is
People leave trails.
One of those trails
Will lead to dierdre.
Whoever set you up
Must know that.
Yeah. Well, maybe.
But i won't be
Much good to youocked up.
I'm rich, mike.
One of the best things
About being rich
Is the security
Of knowing
You can buy your way
Out of any problem.
I'm not taking my money
To the grave.
I'm going to use it
To save your ass.
Mrs. Solis.
Hello, justin.
Hey. What are you
Doing here?
I am here
To talk to your roommate.
John?
I-i didn't think
You guys talked anymore.
Well, now we have
Something to talk about --
You.
Me.
Yes. I'm going to tell him
How you're trying
To blackmail me
Into sleeping with you.
I wonder
How he'll react.
Mrs. Solis --
You can't talk to john
About that.
Oh, i can,
And i will, you little
Worthless piece of crap.
Listen, mrs. Solis,
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I didn't
Want to blackmail you.
Then why did you?
I really needed
To sleep with you.
Why?
Because...
I think i might be gay.
Oh.
Daddy!
Daddy!
Daddy!
Hey!
Dad!
Daddy!
Dad!
How you doing, guys?
What's up?
Oh, we went out
For burgers,
And the boys knew
You wouldn't be home
Till after,
Um, bedtime,
And so we decided to pop in
And visit the new v.p.
Yeah, well, check it out.
I finally got an office
With a window.
Yeah, it's all about
The window.
Hey, guys.
Hey, who wants
Chair rides?
Me! !
Me!
Come on, out this way.
Here we go.
Whoo-hoo!
Here we go, guys.
Ready?
Grraah!
Yeah, daddy!
Now hold on!
Try to hold on!
Ha ha.
Checking out
The new executive digs?
Oh.
You know it.
Can i tell you
A little secret?
Sure.
Dan wanted to hold the promotion
Over for tim duggan.
And i'm the one
That convinced him
To givit to tom.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Tom is such a workhorse,
And he wanted it
So badly.
Yeah, he certainly did.
What is wrong? Aren't you happy
About this promotion?
Mary alice: lynette realized
It was in her best interest
To lie
To the boss's wife...
Well, it's great,
Obviously.
Thank you.
Provided she wasn't
Too convincing.
Of course,
I mean, i will miss him,
Being gone all the time.
He'll be bringing in
More money,
But he is going to miss
The birthdays,
Baseball games,
First steps...
But that's the trade-off.
Right?
I just hope one day,
Tom doesn't look back
And regret being gone so much.
Well, i better get out there
Before they break something.
Of course.
I will see you soon.
So have you been
Acting on these feelings?
I got a buddy.
We get together,
We mess around.
But it's no big deal.
It's just lately,
I've been starting to, like,
Care about him, and i don't
Know how to handle it.
Wow.
Yeah, and i thought if i sleep
With somebody like you,
I'll know for sure,
And i can stop
Freaking out about this.
Yeah, but why me?
You're a good-looking kid.
Why don't you test-drive
Someone your own age?
Girls talk.
If i start something
With somebody
And it doesn't...
Work out,
Everybody at school
Will find out.
And i figured
I could trust you,
'Cause you have
A husband and all.
Well, i guess
That makes sense, in a...
Weird sort of way.
You know, my buddy and i,
We've been messing around
For quite a while,
And...
This whole time,
I just kept telling myself
That it didn't really
Mean anything, you know?
I guess i've just been
Kidding myself, huh?
We're all in denial
About something.
But you're finally
Facing the truth,
And i think
That's sort of brave.
Thanks.
I should probably go.
Uh, just so you know,
I never would have told
Mr. Solis about you and john.
I may be gay,
But i'm not a jerk.
Did you feel anything?
Not really.
You're definitely gay.
[ knock on door ]
Hi.
Hi. I'm sorry to bother you
At night, ms. Mayer,
But i was hoping
That maybe you could
Come down
To the station with me,
Just answer
A few more questions.
Now? Well,
I-i'm sorry.
My - my daughter and i were
Going to go see a movie tonight.
Mom...
We can do it another night.
I'll be fine.
Uh...
Let me get my purse.
Great.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Well, i'm sure
I won't be late.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Ahem.
You said that mike
Came to your house
Around 10:00 p.m.
On the night of the 7th.
Um...
Am i supposed to talk
Into the camera or...
No, no. Just --
Just talk to me.
Okay. Uh, yes.
He came over
Around 10:00.
Do you know of any tension
Between mike and martha huber?
No.
Were you aware that
Mike was shot recently?
Yes.
On valentine's day.
And do you know
How that came about?
He dropped his gun
Cleaning it.
Ms. Mayer,
With all due respect,
I've been working
Around guns for yes.
I've never seen one discharge
When it hits the ground.
Someone has to
Pull the trigger.
Well, i wouldn't know
About that.
Were you aware
There was a home invasion
Three blocks from you
On pine avenue
Day before valentine's?
No.
The intruder was shot
In the stomach.
Where was mike's wound?
The stomach.
Do you love him?
What?
What does that
Have to do with --
It's just that sometimes
People do stupid things
When they're in love.
I should know.
I've been married four times.
Tell me the truth.
He wasn't with you
That night, was he?
He asked you to lie for him,
Didn't he?
No, he didn't.
He was with me,
And mike wouldn't kill anybody.
I'm sure of that.
Mike delfino --
Convicted 1987,
Did 5 1/2 years
For drug trafficking
And manslaughter.
You want a coffee?
I'm going to go for coffee.
So is she covering
For her guy?
Nah, she's just a sucker.
I guess no one's
In the pool yet.
Are you going to swim?
Please. I just spent, like,
An hour blowing out my hair.
Good luck, man.
I'll - i'll
See you later, okay?
Okay.
Hey.
Uh, hey,
I've got a surprise for you.
Want to go somewhere
And talk?
Yeah.
We should talk.
Hi. You made it.
Andrew's here.
I didn't think he'd come.
Yeah, he brought
A lot of friends.
They're acting
Like total jerks.
Alert the media.
But i don't care.
You're here now.
This is
Going to be great.
Come on, man.
Let's go.
Danielle.
Don't touch me!
Boy: hope you can swim.
Hey - whoa - aah!
Can you possibly
Take it easy?
It's cool, man.
Look - it floats.
All right? Relax.
It's a party.
You're the main
Party animal, right?
Am i right?
I guess.
All right.
Well, then act like it.
Come on.
Give me a howl.
Come on, you're the host.
Revel in it.
Give me a howl.
[ howls ]
Whoo!
[ laughing ]
Ha ha ha.
There you go.
You okay?
What do i care?
He's nothing.
I could take care of him
If i wanted to.
What do you mean?
I know
Where my mom kept her gun.
That's not funny, zach.
Well, if you think about it,
Yeah, it kind of is.
Julie.
[ danielle sobbing ]
Hey, danielle.
Are you okay?
I just want
To go home.
Can we go?
Sure.
Julie.
I'm taking danielle home.
Are you coming back?
I don't think so.
[ andrew howling ]
Oh.
So how was
The pta meeting?
Long. Ha ha.
So peterson called me
Into his office today.
Really?
Yeah, he, uh...
He changed his mind.
He's going to...
Hold that promotion
For duggan.
Oh.
Yeah, it's --
It's - it's fine.
You know,
I'm glad, really.
I didn't want to work
All those long hours,
And you know
How i hate flying.
It just does, you know,
Horrible things to my back,
And, god,
With all that extra stress,
I would have ended up
Exactly like tim duggan
10 years from now, so...
Yeah, of course.
So it's --
It's over.
Look, you're going
To make vice president
One of these days.
You know what?
It's okay, honest.
I am, uh...
I'm really glad that
It worked out this way.
Okay.
Oh, god, you scared me.
How'd it go?
Went just peachy.
And humiliating
And shocking.
Susan --
How could you?
God --
"susan, do you trust me?"
"yes, of course i do."
Oh, i'm such an idiot.
And you're such a liar.
Oh, and apparently, a killer
And a drug dealer.
That's just quite a personal ad
You've got going there.
Susan, i came
To wisteria lane --
Stop! Stop, mike!
Just stop.
If you keep talking,
You're going to work your way
Into my heart,
And i just don't want you
Anywhere near my heart...
Ever.
Julie?
Mommy needs a hug.
Julie?
Is julie in there?
Julie mayer?
I don't know.
It's pretty dead in there.
Julie alexandra mayer!
Oh, julie, zach,
This is ridiculous!
You can't
Hold your breath forever!
Oh!
Oh, you might as well
Just stay under there
And never come up for air,
'Cause when you do,
I'm going to choke
The living daylights out of you!
Oh.
Um...
Is my daughter
Under there?
Oh.
I'm not - i'm not gay.
Oh.
I - okay.
I'm - i'm sorry.
Uh...
I'll just --
I'm just going
To leave those right there.
Oh! I'm fine.
It's good.
You just - you know --
Whoo! Uh...
Ha ha.
Did - did you see --
No. Goodbye.
Sell the house.
Are you crazy?
Carlos, we can't afford
To live here anymore.
But if our lawyer
Gets the justice department
To unfreeze
The bank accounts, then --
Then what? Huh?
Finish the sentence, carlos.
We have tons of legal bills,
You've lost all your clients,
And even with our savings,
We're screwed.
But --
It's our house.
Honey, i know.
I love this place, too.
I just - i think it's time
For us to face the music.
[ sighs ]
I never thought i'd be poor
At this stage of my life.
You know, carlos,
I've been broke
A lot of times in my life,
But i've never been poor,
Because poor is
Just a state of mind.
And right now,
You and i are just...
Without funds?
Exactly.
[ sighs ] i guess
We could get an apartment,
Start over.
Who knows?
It might even be fun.
And once we're back
On our feet...
We'll get a house
As big as this one.
Bigger.
Ha ha.
So i get my wife
This dog for her birthday.
A stray from the pound.
Cheapest gift
I've ever gotten her,
And she loves it,
So i'm a genius, right?
Then i find out it's got
This weird blood disease.
Now i'm laying out $600 a month
For doggie medicine
For this mutt,
And i'm a genius, right?
Aw, don't be cynical.
You did something nice,
Made your wife happy.
Now...
Let's talk about what's going
To make you happy.
Mary alice: yes,
Each new day in suburbia
Brings with it
A new set of lies.
The worst are the ones
We tell ourselves
Before we fall asleep.
We whisper them in the dark,
Telling ourselves...
We're happy.
Or...
That he's happy.
That we can change.
Or that he will change
His mind.
We persuade ourselves
We can live with our sins...
Or that we can live
Without him.
Yes, each night
Before we fall asleep,
We lie to ourselves
In the desperate,
Desperate hope
That come morning,
It will all be true.
Captioning by dean
Previously on "Desperate Housewives"...
Hi, Maisy
Are you having an affair with my husband?
Mistresses were confronted..
Very good to be back
What's that?
I'm on house arrest
It's a condition of my bail
How are you going to work?
I can't. I can't do anything
The tables were turned
Good lord, that's Angela
And secrets from the past
I'm afraid you're mistaken
My wife's name was mary alice
Caught up with everyone
I'm such an idiot
And you're such a liar
Oh, and apparently,
a killer
Throughout even the most respectable
of neighborhoods,
you can hear the sound of scandal
Some scandals announce
themselves with a shout
Ida! Ida greenberg,
that is not your paper!
Some with a whisper
throw me a $20, and I'll hook you up
with free porn
And some with a bang
Get the hell off my lawn!
And once in a great while,
there comes a scandal so deliciously sordid,
its roar drowns out all other noise
its roar drowns out
all other noise
So your husband - does he have any idea how many men
pay for the privilege of sleeping in this bed?
There's not a lot
of sleeping going on --
not if I'm doing my job right
Ha ha ha
So how do you want
to get started?
With these ?
Well ... that's going to cost you extra
Maisy gibbons, you're
under arrest for solicitation
What?
Please turn and place
your hands on the bed
I'm sorry I'm - I'm going
to have to ask you to leave now
Hey! Aah! You get off me!
This is entrapment
Right
You all are making
a gigantic mistake
Yeah, yeah Hey, fellas,
here's one for your memoirs
Come on
No! No!
No, don't you touch me!
Would you get your hands off me!
Take it easy, mrs Gibbons
Yes, the scandalous arrest
of maisy gibbons
would soon prove to be the shot
heard 'round the world
Take it easy, ma'am
Don't you put me in here!
It is often said that good news
travels fast,
but as every housewife knows,
bad news moves quite a bit faster
Tish? Hey, you are not going
to believe this
Maisy gibbons was arrested
You cannot be serious
Yes
Hey, did you hear about maisy?
I let my son spend the night at her house just last week
She ...
Maisy gibbons running in handcuffs --
I'd have killed to see that
Stay put. I'll be right back
Ladies, please calm down, ma'am
This is just a precaution
If you'll just take a flyer
hey, guys. What's going on?
Oh, there's been
an outbreak of head lice
Head lice ?
These flyers detail all the important information
concerning the situation,
including the recommended
delousing combs
Delousing? Do they have to
make it sound so disgusting?
Does anybody know
where it started?
I'm sorry
That's confidential information
Barcliff maintains
a strict no-blame policy
Hey, guys, over here
I think parents have a right to know
who brought this into our school
Please calm down, ma'am
Our position is that there's nothing
to be gained by pointing fingers
To identify the child
who initiated the outbreak
might result in him or her
being subjected to ridicule
I, um, excuse me
If you'll just take a flyer...
stop scratching, stop scratching
Now, now, stop it
Guys, let's go, okay?
Stop scratching. I mean it Stop, stop
Hey See you later
Bye
Glued into the hair shaft,
and can only be removed ...
What the hell?
Gabrielle!
What?
Hey, gabrielle, I think
we got a problem here!
I can't hear you!
I said, I think we got a problem!
The water's backing up here!
What?
Is that sewage?
Aah!
Yeah, that's sewage
So, uh, mike, the suspense is killing us
Why don't you
just tell us the bad news?
Well, your outtake pipe's completely corroded.
That's why it collapsed
I'm going to have to
tear it out and repipe the whole system
And how much
is this going to cost?
I'll do the job for you at cost,
but you're still looking at 6, 7 grand, minimum
Okay, well,
we'll let you know
Look, um ... if money's an issue
oh,  no, no, no,
it's not the money
It's just, uh, carlos and I are trying to prioritize
some little things we need to do around the house
All right And, uh, you don't consider
sewage backing up in the house a priority?
It's definitely on the short list
I'm kind of surprised
you called me
Why?
Well, um, ever since my arrest,
nobody around here seems to want to
have much to do with me
Innocent until proven guilty, my man
Hope he's more innocent
than you are
Hey,  it's lynette
I know you're down about this mike thing,
but you got to come to poker
It'll be worth it.
I got dirt on maisy gibbons
Hey, susan, it's me
I really wish you'd return my calls
We need to talk
I know I messed things --
you okay?
Hi
You know, I can stay home
if you want
No, no, no
Now, I know how much you were looking forward
to this weekend with your dad
I'm fine
You don't look fine
Well ... a little sad
Mike and I were just a fling
And not even a full fling
Sort of a borderline fling
Mom, anyone can see
how much you loved him
Well, I also loved junk food,
and I gave that up, and I survived
There's your father
Go have fun
Last chance. You're sure?
I'm sure. Now go
You'll find someone else, mom
someone great. I know it
What's wrong, rex?
Didn't you enjoy your golf game with dr Wallace?
I didn't play
I'm still feeling sluggish
Still? Did you talk
to him about that?
Yeah, of course. He doesn't understand
why the medication isn't working,
and he wants me to come in
for a checkup tomorrow
I can see that tish
is making the rounds
She must have
some juicy new anecdote
Yeah, get her over here
I could use a funny story today
Tish, Tish
Oh, I can tell by that look on your face
you've got something good
Now, come on, don't be selfish
Well, first off,
you're not friends with maisy gibbons, are you?
No
Thank god,
because this is too good
Maisy was arrested
While harold was at work,
she was having sex with men
in her house for money
Can you imagine?
No, I can'T
And that's not even the best part
Word is she had a little black book
with all her clients' names
So, uh... you think that'll get out?
Of course. These things always do
Nancy, wait up.
I can't wait to tell you this. Wait, wait
Well, you heard
your funny story, rex
Why aren't you laughing?
I go get it
Hello
Hi, tami, yeah
Can we see one of the bugs?
Yeah, here. See?
It's this little white thing
Look... It looks like a - aw, jeez
It looks like a sesame seed
That's cool
Yeah, well, there's lots more
where that came from
No, I'm - I'm so sorry
He must be so disappointed
But, look, we'll get all the boys together
once topher's back on his feet
Bye
What'd tami want?
She's canceling
topher's birthday party on sunday
He's come down with the measles, so...
Measles, huh?
Yeah. What?
Tami brennan spent
a fortune on topher's party
She'd call in specialists from switzerland
before she'd let it be canceled
Okay. Why would tami lie to us?
Because she saw porter scratching
his head at school
They all did, and now word's getting around
Why is everything
a conspiracy theory with you?
Lots of kids get lice
They're not that big a deal
Well, it is for the rich b-I-t-c-hs at barcliff academy
Lynette
It's been one day, and they've been disinvited
to a birthday party
If rumors start flying, these boys can kiss campouts
and pool parties goodbye
Uh-oh
Yeah, not so cool now, huh?
It's all here
Appraisal, title search,
and escrow documents
Again, I'm sorry
Again, I'm sorry about changing my mind,
but this just isn't really
a good time to sell the house
Zach's going through a lot, and he wants to finish
high school before moving
Ah, forget it
It's part of the business
I expect to get screwed over
Now,  where is your house key?
Oh, I must have left it at home
I'll bring it by tonight
No one will be here
Zach's away on a school trip,
and I'm going to mount pleasant
on business today
Just drop it by tomorrow
Or I could just keep it
What?
It's a joke, paul
I know your wife's dead and all,
but it's been six months... lighten up
Hello
Felicia
Oh, hi, felicia
Edie, I found this
in my sister's things
It has your name on it
Oh... my necklace
Oh, you know
I lent this to martha three months ago,
and she said that
it went down the drain
Oh, I miss how we used to
steal things from one another
So, felicia...
I heard they have a suspect
in your sister's murder
Mike Delfino ?
Oh, he didn't kill her
But they found her jewelry
in his garage
But his fingerprints
weren't on any of it
Well, that just means
he wore gloves
So he's smart enough
to use gloves,
but he leaves her blood-spattered jewelry
lying around for anyone to find?
Please ...
Is that what you'd do if you killed someone?
I don't know what goes through
the mind of a murderer
I'm just saying I wouldn't
trust him if I were you
Edie, that is lovely
Is it an antique?
Yeah, I think so
You know, I know a store you would love
It specializes in antique jewelry
It's in salt lake city.
Have you ever been to salt lake city?
No, I try to steer clear of utah
It's a little too
conservative for me
Too bad
Have you ever been, paul?
No
It's lovely
I used to live there
when I was a nurse
You should definitely
go sometime
Bye
With no indoor plumbing,
gabrielle was now forced to improvise
when it came to her personal hygiene
wherever and whenever
she had the opportunity
Sorry
That's okay. I was just about
to give a maisy gibbons update
Guys, we should be ashamed of ourselves
for reveling in that woman's misery
That being said,
Edie, please continue
Well, I hear from a very reliable source
that maisy's going to cut
a deal with the prosecution
Apparently, she has some high-profile johns,
and the DA'S looking for a second term
I don't get it
I don't get who would
pay maisy for sex
Obviously, someone who's
not getting it at home
So the upshot is maisy is going to turn over her little black book
with all of her clients' names
Really ?
Yep
I mean, can you imagine the fallout
when this goes public?
blood on the walls
I'm all in
I'll call
Bree?
Uh, what just happened?
The stakes were raised
Yes, yes, they were
I fold
I can't believe
how lucky you were today
Luck had nothing to do with it
I had crappy cards
I was bluffing the entire time
Really?
Wow, you're good
Oh, that's the only nice thing
I could say about my first husband --
he taught me how to bluff
He played poker?
No, he was lousy in bed
I had to fake
a lot of orgasms
You don't have to respond
Thank you
So, uh... where was susan today?
Uh, I'm not sure
Wow, tom must be great in bed
Huh?
Well, obviously, you have
no idea how to bluff
Okay
She's going through something, and I'm sure
she'd prefer it to be private
She's upset with mike,
isn't she?
Well, come on...
I'm going to find out sooner or later
She's devastated
about the breakup,
and she hasn't
left the house in days
Well, why didn't you
just tell me that?
Because it's personal
It's the kind of thing
she would only want me to tell her friends
I'm susan's friend
Well, I don't hate her
Edie, if you want me to share stuff with you,
you're going to have to start being more supportive of susan
Okay. How?
What do friends do?
They call, they're sympathetic,
they ask about the pain the other person
is going through,
and  then they listen
What if you want to be supportive,
but you just can't stand
listening to people bitch?
Then it's good
to know how to bluff
God, I have to go to the bathroom again
Go to bree'S
I've been to bree'stwice today
Then go to Susan's
I hate Susan's
She has all these weirdscented candles
Her house reeksof apricot Hose
How about lynette's?
No, you don't understand
I don't want to go to anybody's house anymore
I'm tired of knocking on doorsand making up excuses
as to why we haven't fixed our plumbing
Why are you yellingat me?
Because it's your fault ?
My fault?
Yes. If you hadn'tgotten yourself indicted,
we would have pipes right now
I got indicted trying to make enough money
to keep you happy
In case you hadn't noticed,
you're a little materialistic
Oh, I'm materialistic?
When the johnsons bought their new 7-series, you were the one
who went right in and traded in his car for something better
Who ended up driving it?
You know what?
I don't have time to fight right now
I have laundry to do
Nurse abigail?
Mrs Scavo, right?
The twins' mother?
I just wanted to tell you that
the boys are now, ha ha
... lice-free
Good to hear
I just can't figure outhow it happened
They get a bath every night
Trust me,
it's the ugliest 15 minutes of the day
I believe you
I keep thinking that
maybe it was the petting zoo
that I took them to last week
That llama was really iffy
Mrs Scavo, it doesn't work that way
Lice only spreads from human to thuman
Even the cleanest kid in the world can get it
if he gets too close to the wrong kid
Really?
Yes. So don't be so hard on yourself, huh?
I guess
Still, I can't help but feel a little guilty
After all, my kids started
an entire lice outbreak
Look, your, uh, your kids didn't start it
They didn't?
No. I know for a fact that patient
zerowas another little boy
This is his fourth time with this particular problem
Oh. That is a load off my mind
Well, thank you
So which kid is it?
I can't tell you
You know we have a no-blame policy
We have to protect the children
You understand?
Of course
No, I don'T
You're going to have to give me a name
Mrs Scavo --
here's the thing
acting like parents won't assign blame is like pretending
they don't keep score at pee-wee league games
It's human nature
If you don't give the moms
someone to blame, they'll pick a scapegoat
I can't let my boysbe the scapegoat
Please don't put me in this position
I'm begging you
They've already been uninvited
from a birthday party,
a really big birthday party
with a bouncy house
and a hot dog stand and a clown
I wish I could help you, but --
for god's sakes, there's going to be a magician
Tami brennan went all out
Tami brennan?
Topher's mother?
Yes
Well, isn't that interesting?
Have a seat
Meanwhile, at the fairview county prison,
maisy gibbons was delighted to
find out she had a visitor,
but she was soon reminded
one should always beware of visitors
bearing gift baskets
You've gotto be kidding me
Hello, maisy
Stuff like this is why I love you
So... what brings you here?
I need a favor
I thought as much
I heard that there's a, um, little black book
with the name of your clients in it
There is
I was wondering if, perhaps,
you could remove rex's name from that little book
Wow, that's a big favor
Those muffins better be really good
I have some money that I've been
putting aside for emergencies
It can be all yoursif you just
keep my mouth shut?
Continue to be discreet
Gosh... I don't know
I don't think it's asking that much
All you need to do is remove one little name
But if I do it for you,
then I have to do it
for all the other wives
That wouldn't be fair, now, would it?
Maisy, please
I mean, we used to be good friends
Ah. Where were you when harold lost his job
a year ago, huh?
Did you stop by to see if there was
anything that you could do?
Did you bringa big basket of baked goods
when you knew we couldn't even pay our bills?
If you did,
those displays of friendship
seem to have slipped my mind
Maisy, I didn't mention it when you were
having financial troubles
because I thought it would embarrass you
Yes, I would have been embarrassed,
but it would have been a whole lot better
than the silence
I have $14,000 in that account
It can all be yours
I'm not interested
But you do get credit for one thing
You came to visit me,
even if it was for an ulterior motive
None of the other girls
from the club even bothered
I've been abandoned
Guess that's what happens
when you become the town whore
Oh, sweetie
They didn't abandon you
because you're a whore
They abandoned you because you weren't
all that nice to begin with
Who is it?
It's edie!
Oh, edie, not nowI'm kind of busy
Hi
Or just come on in
What are you doing?
I decided that my life
is way too complicated,
and so I'm simplifying
I am getting rid of the clutter
Ooh
I was on vacation.
Made sense at the time
Okay, not to be rude,
but is there a reason you're here?
Look... I'm feeling badly about
what you'regoing through with mike
And don't worry I'm not going to date him
Doesn't matter anymore
Well, don't get me wrong,
I still have every intention of sleeping with him
Some mountains are just meant to be climbed
I got to learn to keep my doors locked
How long have you been sitting here?
I don't know
Five minutes, give or take three hours
That's i. Get up
Get dressed
Why?
'Cause you're coming with me
It's time to get wasted
Happy hour started 45 minutes ago
Why would I go anywhere with you?
Because that's what normal women do
when they get depressed
They put on short skirts,
they go to bars with their girlfriends,
maybe have one too many and then make out
with some strange man in the back of a dark alley
Wow
Oh, come on
It'll be fun, I swear
Come on. Come on
Why do you even care?
I never said I cared
It's just... well, I I guess I know what it's like
to have your heart stomped on
Okay. All right. Give me a minute
I'll go change my clothes
And don't forget to do something
with that skanky hair
You're a little scary-looking
Oh, what about him?
Not my type
Oh, look, I know the pickins are slim,
but isn't there someone here that you're attracted to?
I hate them all
Look at them just leering at us
They're so damn cocky, like they know they have the upper hand
What are you talking about?
We have the upper hand
Without us, they have nothing
Maybe 15 years ago
Not anymore
Now we're just lonely and desperate,
and they know it,
and they just sit there ready to pounce, you know,
waiting for us to take any crumb
they're willing to throw our way
I don't want crumbs
I want mike
Hi, Um.... I'm going to be spending
the whole night with her,
so I'm going to be needing
a lot more of these
I'm sorry
It's just so hard to find a guy like mike
I know in my heart he didn't kill mrs Huber
Okay, let's say mike's a peach
and he didn't kill martha
Who did?
I don't know
Obviously, a bad guy
Somebody really awful,
somebody like - somebody
like Paul Young
Paul? Ha ha
Are you serious?
I'm telling you, he's hiding something
He clams up every time we try
to ask him about mary alice
And then when we found out about dana
Dana. Who's dana?
Paul and mary alice had a baby that died
You're kidding
Zach killed her
Holy crap. Who told you that?
Paul. He said it was an accident,
but I'm telling you,
I think that's why mary alice was being blackmailed
Mary alice was being blackmailed?
Yeah
The girls and i found a threatening note
in her stuff
What the hell kind of street
do we live on?
I don't know
Come to think of it, the other day,
paul was talkingto felicia,
and he was working overtime
trying to make mike sound guilty
See? Shifting blame onto someone else --
that's classic criminal behavior
Oh, I'm telling you, he's up to no good
Zach and paul are out of town
Maybe we should sneak into their house
and do some snooping
I have a key
Oh, my god, yes
We should do that
Oh, come on. I was just kidding
No, edie, this is our chance
We should just go infor 10 minutes
Susan, that's breaking and entering
Martha huber was your best friend
If we could find out who really killed her,
wouldn't that be worth the risk?
Have a nice evening
Thank you
Serena, hi. How are you?
I talked to Dr Wallace today
Oh?
He still has no idea why
the medicationisn't working
He told me he's thinking
of running more tests
I told him I'm thinking about
getting a second opinion
Rex, this might sound silly,
but are people staring at us?
Yeah. What's going on?
Well, I could be wrong,
but I suspect that maisy gibbons' client list
has been released
You think they're laughing at us?
No, I think they're laughing at you
I think they feel sorry for me,
which is just as mortifying
What are we going to do?
Oh
We're going to act like nothing is happening,
and then, when we finish eating,
we're going to walk out of here with all
the dignity that we can muster
Please, let's go now
Oh, no I refuse to give them
this kind of satisfaction
Open your menu
Everybody's staring, bree
It's humiliating
Well, you should have thought of that
before you left a personal check on maisy gibbons' nightstand
All right, you stay here
if you want to I'm leaving
Rex, if you walk out of this restaurant,
I will scream
Bree
I will scream
about your cruelty
Then I will scream about your infidelity
And then just to make sure it really hurts,
I will scream about your distasteful sexual habits
You want to know what true humiliation is,
you just take one step
So, what are you having?
The veal looks good
So what are we looking for, exactly?
An embroidered pillow that says
"I killed martha huber"?
I don't know
Just something suspicious
Mmm, smells expensive
Do you believe in evil, edie?
Of course I believe in evil
I work in real estate
I'm serious
There's something about this house
that's just so cold
and creepy
You couldn't tell when mary alice was alive
She just brought so much warmth and light
Now there's something
I can just taste it
Can't you sense it?
The only thing I can sense
is that you've had too much to drink
Oh, something happened in this house,
something so awful we can't even imagine it
Ow! Son of a bitch
Are you okay?
I just stubbed my toe
Oh, my god - angela
Huh?
Angela - that's what mary alice
used to call herself
What are you talking about?
We heard it on this tape
that bree stole from her the rapist's office
It's a long story I'll tell you later
Oh, we got to put this in
What was that?
I think it's paul
You said he was going to be gone
Well, I guess I was wrong
Hurry
I got to get the tape
Hide!
Paul
Oh! Oh! Oh! Edie
God, you scared me
I'm sorry I see that you, uh,
made it back from mount pleasant
Yes. What - what are you doing here?
Well, I came by to bring you your key
I was just about to leave you a note
You're returning my key at 11:30 at night
What the hell's going on here?
You're right
We're too old to be playing games
What?
My note was goingto tell you that I, uh...
I-I wasn't kidding this afternoon
I really would like
to keep a key to your place --
to use if the mood strikes me
Ha ha. You've been drinking
Just enough to get up the courage
to tell you how I feel about you
Okay, well. obviously, you're
uncomfortable about this,
so I-I'm really sorry if I embarrassed you
Here, here's your key
I'll see you around
Edie, um...
I'm not embarrassedHuh?
If anything, I'm flattered
Susan, Susan, talk to me
Mike, it's not a good time
I'm a little drunk and a little freaked out
Why haven't you returned
any of my messages?
We're broken up
I thought I made that pretty clear
Oh, come on
Can't we work this out?
You lied to me
When? When did I lie to you?
The police showed me your rap sheet
You killed a man
You can't believe I'm some cold-blooded killer
Well, of course I don't believe that,
but I also didn't believe that karl was going
to cheat on me,
and I didn't believe that mary alice
was going to kill herself
I mean, let's face it, mike --
blind faith is not my friend
I was going to tell you
There just wasn't a right moment
See? Now that's a lie, too,
because there were plenty of right moments
Susan
every time we went out for pizza,
you could have said,
"oh, and by the way, I once killed a man"
Or when you said, "hey, let's go jogging,"
you could have said,
"well, by the way, I once killed a man"
Every time we went to the movies
and the hero shot the bad guy,
you could have turned to me and said,
"oh, and by the way,I did that once" You didn't
Do you want to hear what happened or not?
It doesn't matter,
because I will never believe
anything you say ever again
Well, at the very least,
you can believe that
Occupied
Carlos, I have to go
Well, you're going to have to wait
Why should I have to wait?
It's my port-a-potty
What do you mean, it's yours?
I'm the one who stole it
Babe, I'm sorry
You're just going to have to wait
Thank you so much, bree
Seeing your tile has really
helped me make my decision
Next time I remodel, I am using limestone
Gabrielle, is everything okay?
Sure, why?
Well, it's just that you've been acting
kind of odd lately
In what way?
Well, you keep coming up with excuses
to use everyone's bathroom,
and then two days ago, mr Cowley looked into your back yard
and saw you and carlosdoing your laundry in the jacuzzi
Well, uh, there's a simple explanation for that
I, um
are you and carlos having
some sort of money trouble?
Gabby, it's okay if you are
Is that so?
Yes, and....
and to tell you the truth,
I'm a little insulted I am a good friend
Why would you feel like you
have to hide that from me?
I don't know
Probably for the same reason
you didn't tell me rex was one of maisy's clients
That is obviously different
Why?
Because it happened to you?
Bree, this is how I see it --
good friends support each other
after they've been humiliated
Great friends pretend nothing happened
in the first place
Well, then, good luck on your remodel
And please tell rex I said hello
Hey, tami
Lynette
I see topher's made a speedy recovery
Can we go play?
Yeah, sure, boys
Have fun
Whoo! Let's go play in the bounce house!
Let's go! Let's go! Come on!
All right, you caught me I lied
But, uh, you sure have some nerve,
crashing a 6-year-old's birthday party
Just so you know,
I got topher a set of bongo drums
I know you'll love them as much as he will
Charlie, come on out of there!
I don't want you playing
with those scavo boys!
Uh, mona, please I'm sure they're clean
You are not ruining my party
All right, porter, preston, okay, out, out, out
Come on. Porter, preston, let's go
No, not - not --not quite yet
Boys, keep bouncing.
That's right. Keep bouncing
Oh, by the way,
I spoke to nurse abigail
I know who patient zero is
All right, that's it, kids get out
Out, out, out
Go, go
How could you do that?
Look, this party meant everything to topher
I couldn't risk people not showing up
He would be devastated
I had to do something
And the best you could come up with
was letting my kids take the fall?
Hey, I hardly had to say anything
People were already suspicious
Oh, please
Yeah, it's true. Let's face it --
your boys aren't the cleanes
tkids on the planet
That was not a smart thing to say
Where are you going?
I'm going to tell the truth
to every mother out there,
and then I'm going to take back the bongos
No, wait, okay, all right
Look, I wa--I was wrong
I admit it.
I am really, really, really sorry
Too little, too late
Okay, okay
No, I'll - I'll tell everyone that I was wrong,
that your kids aren't the ones
Please, I'm begging you
Well, why are you standing there?
Get to it
Bree, hi
Hi
What's up?
Well, um, I've been doing some thinking
Rex and I have been members of the
fairview country club for years, and
well, lately, it seems to have
lost some of its exclusivity,
and so I've decided not to renew our membership
I'd rather see the money
go to someone I care about
Oh, bree, I-I can't take that
Gabby, this is the way I see it --
good friends offer to help in a crisis
Great friends, don't take no for an answer
We're going to pay you back
every cent
I promise
Take your time
Yes, everyone loves a scandal
no matter how big or small
After all what could bemore entertaining
than watching the downfall of the high and mighty?
What could be more amusing than the
public exposure of hypocritical sinners?
Yes, everyone loves a scandal
And if for some reason,
you're not enjoying the latest one
well the next one...
is always around the corner
Transcript by Raceman, Synchro by ITTiger
Previously on "Desperate Housewives"...
The police showed me your rap sheet.
You killed a man.
You want to hear what happened or not?
It doesn't matter, because I will never believe
anything you say ever again.
Sometimes unexpected visitors...
Do you think she's cheating on you?
I think so.
I'll take care of it.
Thank you, mama.
Lead to unexpected consequences.
Andrew, you almost killed another human being.
She's lived her life. I have my whole life ahead of me,
And now it might be screwed up.
In the coma ward at sacred heart hospital,
The dreams begin just after midnight.
The pitch black of night gives way to vivid images
That comfort the dreamer until the morning.
Gus the custodian dreams of someday
winning the lottery
And quitting his thankless job.
Howard, the security guard visions
a luxurious retirement in the tropics
Ruthanne the night nurse
fantasizes about leaving her husband
But the most vivid dreams of all
belong to the patient in room 312
Yes, Juanita Solis had been dreaming steadily
for five months.
Sometimes of the shocking secret she had uncovered
Other times...
She dreamt of the accident that had put her
in the hospital
But her most common dream
Was the one in which she finally told her son the truth.
Gabrielle...
And then one night,
Juanita Solis decided it was time
to wake up
Ahem, hello?
Is anybody here?
Hello?
Have to call my son!
Even though she knew she was about to die,
Juanita didn't care.
The truth was finally going to come out.
Tell my son his wife is cheating on him.
Oh, my god.
Sadly for Juanita,
This was one dream that would
never come true.
What? What?
Aw. Aw.
We all honor heroes for different reasons.
Sometimes for their bravery, sometimes for their daring,
Sometimes for their goodness.
But mostly we honor heroes
Because at one point or another,
We all dream of being rescued.
Susan, I know you're in there
We got to talk
This is crazy.
I know.
Everything the cop said to you is true.
I did kill somebody
But there's one thing they didn't tell you.
I killed for you, Susan.
Susan, if I can't have you,
No one else can.
Shut up!
Susan, you home?
Susan, your car is here.
I know you're in there.
I was hoping
We could talk for a minute.
Susan, maybe you should have waited till I left
To do that.
All right, look, I know you don't
want to see me right now
But I owe you an explanation,
And it's all in there - All of it
Everything you ever wanted to know about my past,
About the reasons for doing what I did
It's all there.
Hey
Guys, come on.
What are you doing?
Uh... You know, just bonding,
Discussing current event
Hey, seriously,
Listen, if you guys would have just parked across the street,
I could have let you go
So why don't yout pretend like we did?
Get out of the car.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Stop the car!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
I can't believe it
Too much from graduation he get expelled
You know, we are just lucky that
security guard did not press charges
So what are we gonna do?
Well... I'm glad that you asked
What are these?
They are brochures for youth detention centers
How long have you had these?
Had been in the drawer for few months,
I have a feeling...
We might be needing 'em
Bree... I don't know
We have to admit that we need help
If we can't get through it Andrew,
then we have to find someone who can
You really want to send our son to
some prison camp?
Oh, come on.
Don't be so dramatic.
I mean someone places actually look fun
Look - Camp Hennessy.
Camp hennessy teaches kids "Respect for authority
and boundaries in a summer camp-like atmosphere."
The perimeter is surrounded by an electrified fence.
Well, you have to admit, that's an efficient way
to teach respect for boundaries
Okay, how about this one? It抯 perfect for Andrew.
It's a ranch in Montana.
It has lots of fresh air and plenty of open spaces
And daily classes on anger management.
I'm - I'm not comfortable with this.
All right, how about this one?
It's in the desert, and it's very reasonable.
Barracks area little bit bleak,
But that recidivism rate is to die for.
Bree, I'm not doing it. I'm not sending my son away.
It's easy for you, isn抰 it?
You're not the one he抯 openly rude to.
You're not the one he challenges every day.
You're not the one he hates.
I'll talk to him, all right?
I'll sit him down for a little old-fashioned heart-to-heart.
You talk to him all you want.
I'm going to check out the place with the electrified fence.
Listen, my children, and you shall hear
in the midnight ride of Paul revere.
Hang a lantern aloft in the belfry arch
Of the north church tower.
One if by land, two if by sea,
And I on the opposite shore will be.
Um, hi.
I wanted to introduce myself to your mom.
I'm Lynette Scavo.
Hi, Lynette. I'm Alias Stevens.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought --No, no. I read lips.
Oh.
But a lot of the time, signing is just easier.
I don't like to misunderstand or to be misunderstood.
And I'm Lily.
Oh, hi.
Nice to meet you, Lily.
Hi, mom
That's my son Matt.
My twins talk about Matt all the time.
We should set up a play date.
That sounds great.
Let's have dinner, too.
I'd love to.
The British are coming!
They are coming! The British are coming!
Get him! Get him! Get him!
Even better, let抯 just keep it adults.
Babe, they blinked.
We got 'emby the short hairs.
Who? Who blinked?
The D.A.
I just spoke with the lawyers.
They offered a plea bargain.
And that's good?
It means they know they got a weak case.
They don't think they can win.
It's over.
Oh, my god.
Honey, that means we can keep the house.
No, we still have to sell the house.
I got to pay the lawyers.
But I thought you said they offered a plea bargain.
Yeah, but we're not going to take that.
Put me down.
Honey...
It would mean me going to jailor eight months.
I think that抯 pretty reasonable,
Considering you抮e guilty as sin.
You said that you were fine with selling the house.
That was before I knew we could trade
a couple of months in prison to keep it
What?
No, this is her daughter-In-Law.
Is it the hospital?
Is it mama?
Uh...
Thank you. Yes.
Gabby?
I'm sorry, Carlos.
Some believe people are judged
by the way they live life
And others by the way they leave it.
I like the Lexington mahogany with gold leaf.
Comes with a pink velvetinrior and drapes.
Plus, it's hand-Engraved,
So in case of a flood or earthquake,
They'll at least be able to know which one is hers.
Don't you think that抯 little over the top?
Only the best for mama.
No, honey, these funeral homes make a fortune
Trying to convince people to overspend.
What are you saying?
Well, I'm saying your mother was a sensible woman.
She wouldn't be comfortable withal these bells and whistles.
Maybe this one --Wood veneer.
What? You never liked mama.
Well, it's awfully hard to like someone
Who actively hates your guts.
She always thought you married beneath you,
And she let me know it.
She loved you.
She treated me like trash.
God rest her soul.
I'm putting my mother in the grave.
Now is not the time to pinch pennies.
Carlos, we're not exactly flush with cash right now.
Let her be true to her roots.
She was born humble and barefoot.
She was a queen.
So what did Mike say when he gave you the letter?
That it explains everything.
Well, does it? I haven't read it.
Well, why the hell not? I just can抰.
You're a better woman than me.
I would have ripped that open with my teeth.
Aren't you dying to know what he wrote?
Yes. But what if it's just bunch of farfetched stories?
Well, you should assume that it is.
Why?
Well, think about how good men are
at lying on the spot
I mean, god forbid you should give them time and a pen.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Hey, Edie, you mindstopping by the site later?
I have blueprintsof the master bath.
Oh, I'll see you in a few, Bill
It's my new contractor.We're sort of dating.
Didn't you once say you never mix business with pleasure?
No, I said never mix pleasure with commitment.
Right.
So, Susan, what are you going to do with the letter?
And for Pete's sake, would you open it up already?
No.
No, I won't.
I don't trust Mike anymore, and without trust --
No, no. I'm just going to go in
And rip it up and throw it in the trash.
Why wait? Why don't we just rip it up now?
No, no, no, no.Uh, that's okay.
I don't want to, you know, litter.
She is so opening that letter.
While Carlos was making arrangements
to bury his mother,
Gabrielle was making sure she'd be taking her secret
to the grave
Hi, I'm Gabrielle Solis and nurse Heisel
yes, hi when you called and said you were coming down,
I, uh, collected all the personal things
That your husband brought in
During juanita's, uh, stay with us.
I assume that that's why you're stopping by.
Oh, that's so thoughtful of you, but, actually, no.
No?
No, you see, my husband and is till don't
have a clear account
As to how Juanita passed.
How?
Yes. Did she die quietly, in her sleep
Uh, yeah, that's usually how it happens.
I mean, I'm pretty sure that that's how it happened.
Pretty sure.
I mean, I don't know it exactly,
Because I wasn't with her at that time.
Uh-Huh.
Was anyone with her?
An orderly, candy striper --Anyone.
No.
She was alone.
Thank you so much. That's all I needed to hear.
Oh, Mrs. Solis.
Oh, you can just toss that.
Great. Just great.
I think this is yours.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been looking for this one.
Thanks.
I don't suppose you have any idea
where I found it
Well, those little suckers are drawn to bare feet
and car tires,
And since you're not limping or bleeding...
This is only temporary. You're going to need
to take this tire into get it fixed
Thanks. I will.
Seriously,it's not safe.
You're probably only going to get 20, 30 miles out of it.
All right, I promise.
Hey, listen --
I'm about to break for lunch. How would you like to join me?
Lunch?
Yeah. Lunch.
Are you asking me out on a date?
That sounds kind of formal
For a burrito and a can of soda,
But, yeah, I guess I am.
Aren't you dating Edie?
We went out on a date.We're not dating.
Oh.
So how about it? I'm buying.
Yeah, I just got out of this relationship
With this guy Mike, and it's kind of complicated --
Anyway, I'm just not even sure
where I am right now emotionally
I'm just all jumbled up,
And I don't think I can leap right into something new
Relationship-Wise, you know, at the moment.
Again, just a burrito.
Ha ha.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I understand.
Sounds like you need a little time to reflect and heal.
I do. I really do.
Okay.
I'll check back with you again tomorrow.
This is so delicious.
I don't know how you find the time with four kids.
Only for first-time guests.
Normally you'd be having chicken fingers
And cartoon-shaped macaroni.
If that.
Hey. Shut up.
Tom, you're in advertising, right?
Mm-Hmm.
I worked five years at simon and scott.
I started at simon and scott.
Ha ha ha ha.
I hated those guys.
Ha ha ha.
We have to talk.
So who do you --Do you know that...
Well, it's all over now.
They'll be talking shop for the rest of the night.
Alisa loves talking about alias.
Well, Lynette loves talking about Lynette, too.
Oh, I don't believe that for a second.
You and your husband seem pretty solid.
We're going through some tough stuff.
We're, um, in counseling.
Oh, really? More steak?
It was her idea.
It's not the most pleasant way to spend an hour.
Basically, I look at the clock
And she blames me for everything.
I don't think you should be talking about alias
with her...
So...
It's okay. It's not like she can hear.
Maybe I'll have some more of that, uh, potato stuff.
He actually said those things
With her just sitting right there.
It was really nasty,
And he wouldn't shut up, either.
I can't believe you said we'd play tennis with them.
Honey, that was before I knew that he was a jerk.
She was great.
Look --Look what she taught me.
Means "I love you."
Yeah, that's great. What am I going to do?
What do you mean?
Well, obviously, she needs to be told.
No, no, no, no, she doesn't.
This is between dennis and alias.
How can I ignore this?
And I quote, "it's not like she can hear."
Lynette, you're starting to ramp up
Into that whole meddling thing that you do.
Excuse me?
Let me just handle it. Let's avoid a big thing.
Are you saying I can't be tactful?
You know what?
If he says something when we play tennis,
I will take him aside man to man
And say,"that's not cool."
Are you saying I'm not tactful?
Ow. Ow, ow, ow.
Andrew, I need you to take out the trash.
Sure.
Now, not five hours from now.
I'm going,
I'm going. God.
Um, I'm meeting justin at the mall tonight,
So I'm going to need 40 bucks.
No.
What?
You no longer get an allowance.
Fine. I'm not taking out the trash.
Andrew.
What are you going to do,
Torture me?
Go ahead. I can take it.
What I want,
What I have always wanted,
Is for you to be happy.
And you're not, and I have
no idea how to help you.
Well, you can start by getting out of the way.
I will not. We're going to talk about this now.
I said get out of the way.
The next time you touch
Your mother like that,
I'm going to throw you throug this wall
You understand me?
Oh, Edie, wait up.
I-I want to ask you something.
I can't stop. I've got to keep
my heart rate up.
I was just wondering
how you'd feel
If I went out with Bill.
What?
Um, Bill asked me out.
Bill? My Bill?
Well, see,
That's the thing --
He doesn't think of himself
As your Bill,
'Cause he said that date
was just a one-Time thing.
Which I know because
When he asked me out,
I told him I thought
you guys were involved.
So you haven't agreed
to go out with him.
No. No, I wanted to check with you first.
Wow, that was nice of you.
So can I?
No.
Edie.
Edie, why can't i go out with him?
Because I saw him first.
Ha ha.
Come on, that's a really
third grade thing to say.
Look, you asked my permission.
I said no.
That should be the end of it.
Well, you know, technically,
I don't need your permission.
You know, I so much
Want to like you,
But you won't just let me
Edie...
Susan, you know, I try.
I try to look past your flaws --
Your klutziness,
That --
That faux vulnerability,
Your hair.
But you look for ways
To push my buttons.
He just wants to buy me a burrito.
Susan, please,
Let me like you.
Okay.
I won't go out with him.
I mean, obviously,
you have feelings for him.
No, I don't.
I really don't.
So what, then?
If you can't have him,
Nobody can?
See?
Now you're thinking like a friend.
Ave maria
Gratia plena
What a voice.
You have to hand it to Gabrielle and Carlos
They do grief better than anyone.
Gratia plena
So how much did that horse and buggy set us back?
Do you mind?
Being poor? A little.
Eyes front, padre.
I can't believe Edie.
She doesn't have dibs on every man
on the planet.
If I want to go out with Bill,
I should be able to.
I thought you weren't even into him.
Well, neither is she,
And if she's not into him,
Why can't I not be into him?
I'm going to mourn now.
What's going on?
Why are we slowing down?
Because we're almost there.
What is that?
The family who owned it
couldn't afford the maintenance payment.
I got an amazing deal.
A crypt? You bought your mother a crypt?
Keep quiet.
You're making a scene.
Oh, that's it.
I cannot be a part of this.
I can't do it.
Gabrielle.
Stop acting like a child.
A-Are we supposed to be following them?
I don't know. I mean, maybe it's part of the ritual.
Go to hell, Carlos.
All right, people,
We're going to follow the body.
This way, please.
Come along.
This is too much.
The only reason I agreed to give up the house
Was because I thought
I was going to get a gorgeous little apartment.
Now I'm not even going to get that.
What do you want me to do?
Take the plea.
What?
Yeah. You did the crime.
Why should I have to pay the price?
Just suck it up, be a man,
And do the time.
Gabby, you're being ridiculous.
Am I? All I want
Is the same respect
That you gave your dead mother.
Gabby, please.
At least she's going to have
a roof over her head.
15-All.
Oh. Was that in?
Ha ha ha.Ha ha ha.
Nice try.
God, Alisa,you're deaf, not blind.
It was a close call.
That's telling him.
I'm waiting for my moment.
You think her tennis stinks,you should try her cooking.
15-30.
Sorry.
I should have mentioned that my tennis is much
betterthan my cooking.
Hey.
Hey.
That was fun. You play really well.
Thank you. Give me a break.
She serves underhand, for god's sake.
What's your problem?
Excuse me?
Hey, do you have any bottled water over there?
Because my electrolytes get all wacky when I sweat.
She's your wife.
How can you talk about her like that?
Let me tell you what saint alias is saying
With that phony smile plastered on her face.
"Move your ass, dennis."
"Nice love handles, dennis."
"Try switching your deodorant, dennis."
All right, enough. If you've got issues
with your wife, tell her
We're in counseling.
Yeah, well,
It's not working too well if you have to unload
on a perfect stranger, is it?
If you're unhappy in your marriage,
do something instead of just complaining,
'Cause, frankly, I don't want to hear it.
Hey, let's trade partners.
Great.
Thanks.
I'll play with you.
Hey.
Hey.
You did not take this in.
This should hold, but...
You've got to take it in.
Thank you. I know. I'm going to.
I-It's on the top of my list.
Whoo.
That was hard work.
Would you likea glass of water
And maybe an excuse to come in and talk to me?
Ha ha. That sounds great.
So it's tomorrow.
I told you I'd check back inon that date.
Bill, um...
I have my reasons.
Am I hideous?
Oh, god, no.
No, you are just so incredibly
not hideous.
Thank you.
I think.
See, now, maybe it's the word "date"
That's throwing me off.
Look, I just want to have some fun.
You know, dinner, drinks.
No strings attached.
Okay, I'll go out with you.
Great. I know this little place, out of the way.
You're going to love it.
Whatcha doing?
Making an emergency list for you
So you'll know who to call in case the roof leaks
Or the power goes out.
Why?
I'm taking the plea bargain.
So you can keep the house.
When I buried my mother, I did it with respect,
And I don't regret a single penny,
But I'm the one that got us into the position
that we're in,
And the moment I did, I stopped respecting you.
And that's not right.
You are so brave.
It's not without strings.
I need you to promise me that you're going to be here
When I get out.
Well, that's a ridiculous thing to say.
I'm not going anywhere.
And I need you to promise me
That you'll be faithful while I'm gone.
Yeah. Of course.
Gabrielle, I'm no fool.
You're a beautiful woman,
And I understand that you have needs.
But I'm a very jealous and possessive man,
And I need to hear you say it.
I promise.
Okay, then.
Tomorrow morning, we'll go and see the lawyers.
I love you.
I love you, too.
And just so you know...
I'm going to hold you to that promise.
What's going on?
Did grandma die?
Uh, no, she's fine.
Listen, Andrew...
Sweetheart, it's been clear to us
For some time now that you've been unhappy.
All this acting out...
The pot smoking, the violence...
It just isn't you,and we feel that you need
to spend some quality time
Thinking about the goals in your life
And what kind of person you want to be.
What the hell are you talking about?
There's this place called camp hennessy.
It's designed for teenagers like yourself
Who have lost their way,
And --You got to be kidding me.
They emphasize discipline and responsibility --
Two things you're sorely in need of.
Hopefully you won't have to be there
for more than a few weeks.
You can stop this now. I'm not going
to any stupid campfor juvenile delinquents
We're ready.
I'm sorry, honey,but you don't have a choice.
Get your hands off of me!
Andrew, andrew, it's no use fighting.
Now, these gentlemen are going to help you get dressed,
And then they're going to drive you to the camp.
We can take it from here.
Wait, wait. Mom, mom, wait.
Please, I'm sorry, mom.Please.
Honey, it's going to be okay, I promise.
I know this was your idea.
Why, you little --
Rex, stop it.
Honey...
No matter what you say or do,
I will always love you.
Let's go. Come on.
What's that for?
For being here.
For standing by me through this.
You don't know what it means to me, rex.
A long time since I felt like I had a real partner.
And it really helps,
Especially on a horrible morning like this.
Hey, Alisa.
Hey, lily. How are you guys?
May I speak to you, please?
Um, sure.Boys, here.
Stay right there.
Yes, mom.
So how are you?
Dennis left me.
What?
Dennis left me.
Why?
You told him to, you moron.
I'm sorry, what?
You talked to my husband about my marriage.
That's none of ur business!
Alisa, stop. I can't understand you.
You're going to have to talk slower.
Okay.
Dennis says you yelled at him
For saying stuff behind my back.
Well, yeah.
And he said you told him
Our counseling wasn't working.
Yes, that's not exactly what I --
Where the hell do you come off
Telling people to stop going to counseling?
I didn't mean that you --
Sure, we have our share of problems --
Financial, emotional, sexual --
But we were solving them.
Alisa, come here.
Are you sure
You want to be...
Saying these things in front of your daughter?
Now you're telling me how to raise my daughter?
Lily, we're coming back.
Ahem.
Alisa...
I am so sorry if I caused a problem.
I just wanted to help.
Why? Why do you want to help?
Well, because of the --
Oh, because I was deaf?
No, because your husband was being a total jerk.
And you just got to come in on your white horse
And come to the rescue. Well, guess what --
I didn't need to be rescued. Got that?
I didn't need to be rescued.
Bitch.
Uh, she said...
Yes, thank you. I know what she just said.
I mean, one minute, we're making out in his truck,
And the next thing I know, we're at the hospital,
And the doctor's digging a bullet out of him.
It's just that when I started dating Mike,
He seemed like such a normal guy, you know?
They always do.
You want to get some nachos?
I mean, obviously, I am not going to read the letter.
At some point, you just got to let it go, right?
Right. You mind if we leave off the jalape裲s?
I'm not so good with spicy things.
I don't mean to be babbling. It's just really complicated,
And there is so much about Mike you don't even know.
That would surprise me at this point.
Edie.
Your foreman said
That you were out on a date with a hottie.
Evidently, someone's in need of lasik.
You tracked us down?
Well, it wasn't hard.
I just followed the stench of betrayal.
We had an agreement, Susan.
No, we didn't.
You know, I just said what you wanted to hear
Because you guilted me into it.
I was trying to protect our already fragile friendship.
Am I in the middle of something here?
Not anymore.
You ... I will hate forever.
And you are fired.
Edie.
You're firing me because I'm going out with Susan?
Yes, and before you start whining
That dating her is punishment enough,
Save it.
I suppose I could tell heryou threw yourself at me.
You were lonely, you begged to have dinner,
And I took pity on you.
Well, excuse me, but that --
That kind of makes it sound like it was my fault.
You can't possibly blame me.I'm not the one who fired you.
Right. You just chose not to tell me
That Edie would be insanely mad if I went out with you.
Slow down.You're driving too fast.
You know, this is between you and Edie.
I just got sucked into the drama.
Yeah, I bet you tell yourself that all the time.
What does that mean?
You didn't get sucked into the drama.
You invited it in.
That's not true.
You spend the last hour obsessing over your ex-Boyfriend
Even though he's a sketchy ex-Con
Who very possibly strangled your neighbor.
Well, no, he didn't.
And Edie told you not to go out with me,
But did you listen? No.
'Cause you saw the potential for disaster,
And you just couldn't resist getting in there.
Okay, mr. Let's-Just-Have-Fun-
'Cause-I'm-The-Charming-Casual-Contractor man.
You chased me, so own it, my friend.
U didn't get that tire fixed, did you?
I was meaning to.
I guess I do invite the drama in...
Just a little.
Stocks closed up yesterday...
Tom, am I a bad person?
Dow jones industrial average was up 30 to --
No. Why would you say that?
I don't know. I guess I just have it in my head
That only bad people break up marriages
And offend the handicapped.
I did try to warn you.
You did.
Why do I do it?
This compulsion to stick my nose
Where it doesn't belong.
Honey, you're just looking out for your friend.
Yeah, a lot of goodit did her.
Hey, at least you tried.
I admire you for that.
Oh, please.
Hey, you know,
I'm the guy who let dennis badmouth his wife
And you let him have it.
That's me --
I'm never afraid to create a scene.
Hey, honey, look --My point is
You have a strong sense of what is right,
And you're not afraid to act on it.
And I admire you for that.
You know what I admire you for?
You find a way to compliment me
When you could say "I told you so."
You just signed "I told you so", didn't you?
You'll never prove it.
Thanks for coming in, Mrs. Solis.
I believe you've met nurse Heisel.
Yes. Hello - Again.
Nurse heisel became quite attached
To your mother-In-Law.
That's why I asked her to be here for this.
First of all, I want you to understand
That we consider our commitment to our patients
A sacred trust.
Okay.
Having said that,
It appears there may --And I stress "may" --
Have been a breakdown in our chain of care.
I can assure you that we hold our staff
To the highest standards in the industry,
But we are only human, after all.
Honey, are you okay?
Nurse Heisel, why don't you step out?
I'm so sorry.
Uh-Huh.
We all share in your grief.
Apparently.
And we're hoping to alleviate any further pain
Your family may suffer
By offering some...
Monetary compensation.
Provided you and your husband waive
Any future right to litigation, of course.
Monetary compensation.
Are you trying to buy us off?
Let's not get tangled up in legalese.
We like to think of it as an extension
of our caring.
Well, in that case...
Care away.
Mr. Hartley,
I have a hypothetical legal question for you.
I like to play the lottery, and I --
Ha ha. Yes, I know what the odds are,
But I just love those scratch-Offs.
Say I were to win...
I don't know, $1,600,000.
Would the governmentbe able to take it
Like they took everything else?
That's what I thought.
The bastards.
So...
What if we won the lottery after Carlos went to jail?
Could the government touch the money then?
Hypothetically.
I see.
And we could keep the house.
Ha ha.
Oh, no, I'm just at the grocery store
Wondering if I should buy a ticket.
Thanks a bunch, Mr. Hartley.
So what time should I bring Carlos
to the D.A.'S office tomorrow?
Great.
We all honor heroes for different reasons.
Sometimes for their daring...
Sometimes for their bravery...
Open.
Sometimes for their goodness.
I love you.
But mostly, we honor heroes
Because at one point or another,
We all dream of being rescued.
Of course, if the right hero doesn't come along,
Sometimes we just have to rescue ourselves.
Transcript by Raceman; Synchro by ITTiger
Previously on "Desperate Housewives"...
Is anybody here?
There may have been a breakdown
in our chain of care.
You're trying to buy us off?
Sometimes if you're not careful...
There's this place called Camp Hennessey.
I'm not going to any stupid camp
for juvenile delinquents.
You don't have a choice.
Past mistakes...
We pulled it out of rock water lake.
I must have sold several hundred of these just like it.
I have a list of customers' names on file.
Will come back to haunt you.
I won't tell anyone.
I'll keep your secret, dad.
There were many things Gabrielle solis
knew for certain.
She knew red was her color.
She knew diamonds went with everything.
And she knew men were all the same.
But the one thing Gabrielle knew above all else...
she would never want children.
Unfortunately for Gabrielle...
her husband Carlos felt differently.
I'm so lucky to have you.
Okay, I'll bite.
Why are you so lucky?
Because...
I don't want to have kids, and you do.
Oh, that.
Most men would leave over something like that.
And you're still here.
I'm grateful.
I know the sacrifice you're making.
There's still a little part of me that's hoping
you'll change your mind.
Once you had a baby,
I think that you would love it so much that --
Honey, it's not going to happen.
You never know.
No, sometimes you do.
Well, it is a sacrifice.
But you're worth it.
Yes, Gabrielle Solis knew without a doubt
she didn't want to be a mother.
But what she couldn't know was just how much
her husband wanted to be a father...
or that he'd been tampering
with her birth control for months...
or that within one week's time...
she'd be pregnant.
Episode 18 : Children Will Listen
Saturdays on Wisteria Lane
belonged to the children,
and while most would spend the day
practicing their sports...
Oh-ho!
And riding their bikes...
and jumping their ropes,
others were no longer engaged in child's play.
Indeed, some children were being
forced to grow up very quickly.
Sorry to bother you on the weekend.
We just have a few questions for you.
About what?
12 years ago, your late wife purchased a toy chest.
Toy chest?
Yeah, it was about this big,
had little dancing bears on it.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
The craftsman who makes these chests
keeps a list of customers.
Apparently, you purchased one in august 1992.
Yeah, we'd like to know
where that chest is now.
Wow, I, um,
I wish I could help you.
I don't recall any toy chest.
I remember.
Yeah, it had little bears
and balloons on it, right?
Yeah, son, that's right.
Yeah, we threw that chest away
when I was little.
I was standing on it, and it just busted.
Remember, dad?
Vaguely.
I guess that's all, then.
Thank you both for your time.
Hey, what's the deal with
this chest, anyway?
One just like you had washed up on torch lake.
Had a woman in it.
A woman?
She was all chopped up.
Obviously, we need to talk.
You lied to me.
You said that it was a man in the box.
No, I didn't lie.
Well, the policeman said that
it was a woman's body.
Of course you were lying.
I told you a private detective had come
to take you away from us.
I never said it was a man.
You didn't?
No.
Well, I I thought that --
no.
No, stop. Please - stop.
I I - look, I know that you're lying to me, okay?
I I know that you're lying.
For the last time, someone came
and tried to take you away from us.
Yes, a woman. A woman came.
Yes, she tried to steal you from the only family
that you've ever really known.
And we couldn't let that happen, and we didn't.
And that... is the truth.
We  can't cancel now.
It's two days away.
Rex, I'm not going.
That's all there is to it.
Counseling is part of the treatment
at Camp Hennessey. You knew that.
Nowhere in that brochure did it say
that we were expected to attend.
What's Andrew going to think
if you don't show up?
Well, I am making him this care package.
I mean, he'll know that I'm thinking about him.
Why are you putting in lemon squares?
They told us not to send him sweets.
Well, I don't understand why.
I  guess they feel baked goods from mom
undercut the boot camp experience.
Fine. I won't send them,
but I think it's a stupid rule.
So are you going to this thing or not?
No.
Why?
Because the minute I get there,
Andrew will start attacking me for abandoning him.
And I don't want to hear it.
There's no reason to feel guilty, you know.
You did everything you could for him.
I don't feel guilty.
Okay.
Please, Christie, there's no way that I can get
another babysitter this late in the day --
Parker, knock it off.
No.
Because I'm having drinks with friends
I used to work with, and they never called,
and if I blow them off, that's it,
I'll just - I'm dead to them.
No, I can't call Patty Binks.
Because she steals things.
Damn it, Christie, you're 13 years old.
You've got a lot of trips to the mall ahead of you.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I raised my voice. I'm calm.
So I'm starting to think that this is about money.
So what is it that would make
it worth your while?
$100? Well, that's extortion.
There's no way in hell that I'm going to - hello?
Hello?
Parker, I swear, I will spank you.
Knock it off.
Hi, Mrs. Binks. Is Patty there?
Thank you.
Hi, honey. I'm back.
Hey, sweetie.
This is Mr. Steinberg, the attorney from the hospital.
Oh, have we met?
Yes, Mrs. Solis. We've met.
Don't you remember?
It was after mama died.
Apparently,the hospital was negligent
and agreed to a 7-figure settlement check,
a check I was never told about.
Oh, that.
Mr. Steinberg...
I was just leaving.
What were you thinking?!
Wait, just let me explain --
no, why the hell didn't you tell me?!
Because I couldn't trust you
to make the right decision.
The right decision was to use
that money for my lawyers!
We could have fought the indictment, and then
I wouldn't have had to take the plea bargain!
If you didn't take the plea deal, the government
would have seized the settlement.
Oh, we could have fought that in court.
Exactly,and then you would have blown
all the money on the lawyers.
Who cares?!
If there was a chance didn't have to go to jail.
You had Laotian convicts sewing casual wear
for 2 cents an hour.
Don't you think you deserve a time-out?
Eight months.
Thanks to you, I'm going away for eight months.
And when you get out, we're going to have money
to start over with thanks to me.
You know, once you calm down, you're going to
realize I did the right thing,
and when that happens,
I'd appreciate an apology.
Grandma's here.
Now, that is just perfect.
Stay put.
I am so sorry.
Hey, mom.
Oh, hey, Susie.
Mm, I goofed.
What happened?
Oh, you know me.
No depth perception whatsoever.
I'm stunned they even issued me a license.
So you're Susan's mom.
Yeah.
I'm Sophie Bremer. And you are...
Mike Delfino.
Oh.
You're Mike?
Oh, my god!
Susan's told me so much about you.
Well, don't just stand there. Give me a hug.
Mom, uh...
Mike and I aren't together anymore.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I-I guess I just made this pretty awkward, huh?
Yeah, you --you really did.
So let's just call the insurance company.
Okay.
Well... it's nice meeting you anyway, Mike.
Yeah. You too.
And I never would have guessed
that you're Susan's mom.
I know. I look too young.
I got pregnant when I was a tiny teenager.
Okay.
It  was the first time I got drunk - ever.
Can you believe it?
Let's go.
Her father was a marine.
Afterwards, he gave me three of his medals.
Mom.
What?
Let's just go inside and
call the insurance company.
Oh, right.
What are you smiling about?
I used to have all these questions about
how you got to be the way you are.
They were all just answered.
Hi!
Hi.
Hi.
What's going on?
Oh, um... my babysitter canceled.
Oh, Lynette, I-I'm so swamped today.
My - my house is a mess, and I've got
millions of errands to run, so --
Please hear me out.
This is important.
Today I have a chance to rejoin the human race
for a few hours.
There are actual adults waiting
for me with margaritas.
Look, I'm in a dress.
I have makeup on.
If it were any other day --
Oh, for god's sakes, Bree,
I'm wearing pantyhose.
Bring them in.
Thank you, thank you.
Okay, in you go.
And then the police showed me his mug shot.
No.
Yes. Mike served time for selling
drugs and manslaughter.
I can't believe it.
Well, it's true.
He has such nice manners, you know?
I know.
Susie...
I don't want you worrying too much
about this Mike thing.
The right man will come along.
Just give it time.
I think I would have given up entirely
if it weren't for you and Morty.
Morty?
Yeah, you know.
It's the third time around for both of you,
and you're really clicking.
Ugh. Gives me hope.
What's wrong?
Nothing, nothing.
Um, I'm just...
I'm, uh, tired.
You're not tired. You took a nap.
What is it?
I left Morty.
What?
Why?
Because he shoved me.
Morty? No.
You think I'm lying?
Fine.
Why would he shove you?
Because I confronted him
about how much time he's spending
at that damn pancake restaurant --
if that's where he's really been.
Oh, you can't be serious. Morty?
You think men his age don't have needs?
You should seethe waitresses he hires.
Every year, they get younger and younger.
Well, maybe you just feel that way 'cause every year
you get older and older.
Well, that's a horrible thing to say.
I'm sorry.
I'm not that old.
I said I was sorry.
People think we're sisters.
Well, that's 'cause you tell them that.
One time.
You've got to let go of that.
Okay, look, I am just saying that I don't think
Morty cheated on you.
Well, he did shove me.
And the least you can do is be supportive.
You're right.
You're right.
He also threw a book at me.
Oh, come on.
Hey - ah.
I mean...
he shouldn't have done that.
Ha. Thank you.
Porter, honey,those cookies are hot.
Just wait a few minutes, and then I'll give you one
when they're cool, okay?
Um... you know, pictures are prettier
if you color inside the lines.
Well, art is subjective.
Porter, what did I tell you?
But I'm hungry.
Well, then, I will fix you a very nice bowl
of peaches and cottage cheese.
Ew, barf.
Don't be common, young man. Now come on.
If you play around with those cookies one more time,
I'm going to have to spank you.
We don't get spanked.
Really?
Mommy always says she's going to,
but she never does.
Well, I am not your mommy, and if you misbehave
in my house, you will get spanked.
So be good.
How's my girl?
How are you doing?
It was an accident.
Porter, I warned you.
I'm sorry.I'll be good.
Those cookies were made from scratch.
Your  fate is sealed.
Come here.
No, no!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
What's that?
It's called a post-nuptial agreement.
It's a legal document that --
No, I know what a post-nup is.
What is it doing on my coffee table?
Well, I can forgive that stunt you pulled
with the settlement check
if I'm sure that you'll really be around
when I get out of jail.
Hmm.
And the post-nup changes
the terms of the pre-nup, so...
So if you try and divorce me while I'm gone,
you get nothing.
You don't trust me?
Afraid not.
Well, that's too bad, because I'm not
signing that piece of paper.
You're a very beautiful woman, Gabrielle,
but...
you're not very bright.
See, if you don't sign it,
I'll pull the plug on the settlement
agreement, divorce you,
and then you get what amounts to about 50%
of our current savings, which is basically nothing.
So what do you expect to happen right now, Carlos --
sign the paper and jump right back into your arms?
Baby, it doesn't mean that I don't love you.
You know I think you're the perfect woman.
Oh, but I'm not.
I have flaws.
Flaws?
Mm-hmm.
I'll even give you an example.
Remember the time when you were in jail and
you told me about your secret compartment,
and you told me to burn the papers
that I found in there?
Well, me being pretty, and therefore stupid,
I forgot.
You didn't burn the papers.
Worse.
I read them.
Okay, okay --
You have some nerve talking to me about trust,
when you have a secret bank account
in the cayman islands.
That was a safety net for both of us.
I'll bet.
Have you told anyone else about this?
No, but I could.
Hey, is that why the prosecution
didn't have a case against you?
They couldn't find the profits you made.
So if I were you, Carlos,
I wouldn't mention the words "divorce,"
"trust," or "post-nup" ever again.
You don't want to piss me off.
I know, baby.
It hurts to lose.
Ante up.
Well, look at me.
Finally in on one of your legendary poker parties.
Susan's always telling me
how much fun you girls have.
The rules are simple - we play for cash,
the dealer picks the game,
and unsubstantiated gossip is encouraged.
Bree, thanks again for watching my boys.
Are you sure they weren't too much to handle?
Oh, no, we had a wonderful time,
although I think porter had a little less fun.
Okay, I'll bet.
So, Sophie, Susan says you guys
are going to the spa tomorrow.
Is that an all-day thing?
What do you mean, Porter had less fun?
I'll raise.
Well, he was misbehaving, so I had to punish him.
So, yes, Susan is treating me
to an entire day of beauty --
So when you say punishment,
what exactly are we talking about?
Oh, I had to spank him.
Okay, I will re-raise.
You spanked my son?
Las precis spa.
Yep, that's where we're going.
Lynette, is there a problem?
Tom and I don't believe in hitting our kids.
I thought you knew that.
Sorry. I-I didn't know.
It won't happen again.
Of course, I'm somewhat surprised
you don't spank them.
I mean, everybody knows they're a little bit...
out of control.
Wow, I'm just dragging today.
Should we put on another pot of coffee?
Yeah, I'll do it.
I'll - I'll fold.
You know, you're right, Bree.
I've got a lot to learn about parenting,
and I feel so blessed to be getting sage advice
from such an impeccable mother like you.
I mean, your kids turned out perfect,
as long as you don't count Andrew.
Where is he again? Hmm?
Some kind of a boot camp for juvenile delinquents?
Okay, girls.
I never said I was perfect.
Oh, honey, nobody's blaming you.
The hell I'm not.
Lynette.
If you will excuse me...
Lynette, will you go after her?
She spanked my son.
I'm not apologizing.
Usually poker is more fun than this.
So help me, if you don't back me up on this,
I will lose it.
Yes, Bree shouldn't have spanked porter,
but it's not like she hurt him.
That is not the point.
You don't spank other people's children.
He was misbehaving.
She had to do something.
B-but make no mistake,
she definitely crossed the line.
Yeah, you're damn right she did.
She could have tried something else,
like a time-out,
or she could have simply threatened to spank him.
Yeah, 'cause that works out so well when we do it.
It does work.
It does work most of the time.
It used to work.
They've figured out that it's an empty threat.
They're onto us.
My mom used to beat the hell out of
my sisters and me, and I won't do it.
I will not become my mother.
Fine.
But the boys are getting older and smarter,
and eventually --
Believe me, eventually they're going to figure out
that they outnumber us, and then...
We're screwed.
Exactly.
Excuse me, Zachary.
Would you mind helping me with these bags?
There's some banana bread in it for you if you do.
Uh, yeah, sure.
This is really good, Mrs. Tillman.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome, Zachary.
You know,I've never actually been
in Mrs. Huber's house before.
Obviously, you haven't missed much.
This is the place where good taste goes to die.
So...
I heard you and your father arguing the other day.
Everything all right at home?
Yeah. We just have problems sometimes.
I bet you miss your mother.
I'm sure things were...
different when she was alive.
Such a warm,loving woman.
Y-you...
knew my mother?
Yep. Years ago in Utah.
We worked together.
I didn't know that.
It's true.
In fact...
I'll tell you a secret.
I once met you when you were a little baby.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Your mother loved you so much, Zachary.
Of all the things I remember,
I remember that the most.
You want to know what else I remember?
How lovely your original name was.
Dana.
Isn't this nice?
Oh, just the two of us girls hanging out,
getting pretty.
Oh, thank you.
My pleasure.
So I was thinking
maybe you should call Morty.
You know, get started working things out.
Why would I want to work things out
with a man who abuses me?
Oh, you don't have to gasp.
My mother exaggerates.
She won't be happy till I have bruises.
Okay, um, can we just focus?
What I want to know is have you thought about
what's going to happen if you don't go back to Morty?
What do you mean?
Well, you don't have a place to live,
you don't like to work.
I mean, you didn't want to marry Morty,
so he doesn't have to pay you alimony.
It just - if you don't go back to this man
who allegedly shoved you once in five years,
What are your options?
I thought I could live with you.
What?!
Aah!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Are you all right?
You kicked me!
Oh, I'm so sorry. I was startled.
Here, here, lean your head back.
I'm not saying permanently.
Just for a couple of years.
You broke my nose.
No, no,it's just banged a little.
Till I get back on my feet.
Can we talk about this later?
Should we call 911?
No, just a nosebleed. She's fine.
I thought you'd be excited by the idea.
It's not that I'm not excited.
I'm not stupid, Susan.
It's obvious you don't want me here.
No, that's not true!
Mom, don't go. Mom.
Come back.
You know, I need to --
we're good, right?
Just go.
Yeah.
Why aren't you dressed yet?
I wanted to wear Andrew's favorite color,
and then I realized that...
I don't know what it is.
Oh, honey,I think the fact that you
decided to come at all will make him happy.
Yours is blue,
Danielle loves pink,
and I have no idea
what my own son's favorite color is.
I'm telling you, it doesn't matter.
How can you say that it doesn't matter?
Of course it matters.
Bree --
That is what makes a good mother --
someone who knows their child inside and out
so that if they get in trouble, they know what to do.
I don't know him well enough.
You are a good mother.
Brown or green?
I just don't know.
I'm going to wait in the car.
Whenever you're ready.
Green.
I'll go with the green.
Everybody loves green.
I told you, I'm not signing this.
Oh, I think you are.
Because if you don't,
I will divorce you.
Then I'll go to the police.
And tell them what?
There's a secret bank account
in the cayman islands that no longer exists?
You moved the money?
Of course I moved the money.
Well, that was risky.
I mean, the feds are watching you right now.
I had to do something.
I couldn't just let you make a fool out of me.
Aah!
Oh, stop, Carlos, stop it!
Put me down!
Okay.
Put me down!
Let me go!
Aah!
Stop! You're hurting me!
Carlos!
Sign it.
Sign it!
I know, baby.
It hurts to lose.
Mr. And Mrs. Van De Kamp?
Uh, yes,um, is it our turn?
Well, uh, sort of. Andrew's waiting inside,
but...
what's wrong?
Well, he said he won't go forward with the session
if his mother's involved.
He only wants to talk to his dad.
We drove 200 miles to be here today.
This is unacceptable.
I-I share your frustration.
All right, to hell with him, then.
We're going home.
No.
I am not going to let him insult you like this.
He blames me for his being here.
He blames me for everything.
And he's probably right.
Any mistakes made were made by both of us.
One of us should go talk to him,
see how he is.
I'm okay.
Are you sure?
Yeah. Fine.
Right this way.
Camp Hennessey COUNSELING CENTER
Mom. Mom!
Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.What is it?
Why aren't you guys brushing your teeth?
Parker, what happened?
Porter pushed me, and it fell in.
He pushed me first.
Can I flush it?
No, no.
I'll fish it out later, all right?
You're off the hook for tonight,
but not you two, so start brushing.
Preston, did you not hear me?
I said start brushing your teeth.
What are you doing?
Don't you dare.
Do it! Do it! Do it!
Preston, don't listen to them.
Back away from the toilet,
and no one gets hurt.
Do it! Do it! Do it!
I mean it this time. These are not just words.
Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
If you do this, so help me...
Hearing the hollowness of her own voice,
Lynette realized that it was time
to get one step ahead.
Do it! Do it!
I will walk you over to Mrs. Van De Kamp's,
and we all know what happens when she gets mad.
Now...
go brush your teeth, and I want them to sparkle.
Go on.
Sorry you had to bring your kid back.
What happened this time?
Well, couple months back,
I caught Todd going through my purse.
Oh. I hate when they do that.
Was he looking for weed or money?
Oh, who know sat this point?
Anyway, I'd knocked a couple back,
and things got heated.
Pretty soon, we were both screaming
and throwing stuff around the apartment.
Next thing you know, lady upstairs calls the cops on us.
Aw, give me a break.
So now I got some social worker
trying to tell me how to raise my boy.
Kids - boy, if I knew then what I know now,
I would have had that hysterectomy 20 years ago.
Uh, Bree
Don't get up. I'll be quick.
Andrew, all any parent can do is try to provide
their child with the tools to succeed in life --
education, love,
a good, clean, safe home.
Well, I have given you those things,
and I am through feeling guilty,
so if you want to piss your life away and blame it
on how horrible things are at home, you go ahead,
but I want it stated for the record
that I am a good mother. Do you hear me?
I am a good mother.
Bree...
Andrew just told me he thinks
he might be gay.
What?
That's why he wanted me to come in first.
He thought I could take it better.
Well, he was right. I will be waiting in the car.
Mrs. Solis.
What are you doing here?
Okay.
Are your roommates here?
No. Are you okay?
Yeah.
What's this?
That is, uh...
Carlos just got a little rough.
Made me sign some papers.
He hurt you?
John, what are you doing?
I'm going to take care of this.
No, you're not going to do anything.
We're not going to let him get away with this.
Look, you really want to get back at him?
Then kiss me.
How's that going to help?
Because one day, when the time is right,
I'm going to tell him how he drove me right into
your arms, and that's going to kill him.
And tonight just, whatever you do,
don't call me beautiful.
Oh, Morty, look who's here.
Hey, Millie. Hi, Morty.
Hey
Susie, what --what brings you here?
Mom - I brought her over.
What- what's she doing out there?
She says she won't come in until you go out
and apologize to her.
For - for what?
For shoving her.
Well, I only shoved her 'cause she wouldn't --
she wouldn't stop hitting me.
Why was she hitting you?
I threw a --threw a book at her.
Morty.
It was --it was a paperback.
Well, even so...
At least I missed.
I mean, she --she hit me square in the gut.
You want to seethe bruise?
That's okay. That's okay.
It really hurt.
Yeah, I-I understand.
So...
could you, uh, just go out and apologize?
No.
Why?
Because I don't want her back.
Morty.
Look, I love her, but the --
the pancake shack is just starting to take off,
and we're talking about opening another one.
I mean, that--that's practically a chain.
I-I don't have time for her hysterics.
Yeah, I sympathize, I really do.
But you have to take her back.
Why?
Because she wants to move in with me.
Oh.
Morty, I-I'd like to have a relationship again,
and at my age, with a kid --
I mean, if she moves into my house,
even for a couple of years, I'm doomed.
Wa-wasn't there a plumber?
Your mother said you were in love with a plumber.
I am - I mean, I was.
It didn't work out.
I'm - I'm sorry.
If she moves in, she will burn up all my oxygen,
and I need it.
Please, can't you give her another chance?
You guys are really good together, you know?
When you're - when --when there's no violence.
Well, we --we do have chemistry.
Absolutely.
You know - you know,the sex was like...
wow.
I mean, there was this one time
we were coming home on the interstate --
You don't have to sell me. Go.
Just go talk to her.
Now.
Okay.
That was a mighty big sigh.
I just keep thinking it's coming, Millie,
and I can't stop it.
What's that?
The day my mother will need to move in with me,
and I won't have a choice.
Mm-hmm.
I know it's years away.
She's youthful and vibrant, thank god.
But time flies.
One day, she won't be able to take care of
herself anymore, and I'll have to step up.
I suppose that's true.
I think it's nature's little joke that children
ultimately end up parenting their parents.
Well, when that day comes, I'll be ready.
Honey, you better get out there.
Stop it!  Aah!
What? Stop! What are you doing?!
What are you doing?
Hey.
Look... I just wanted to apologize.
Lynette, don't.
The fact that you just crossed that street
means the world to me,
and if anyone here should apologize, it's me.
Thank you.
Looks like Tom's got the mob under control.
You want to have some coffee,
sit around, bitch about our kids?
I would love to.
Okay.
Children come into the world
with their own agendas.
Some to brighten our days...
some to test our patience...
some to give us purpose...
some to take care of us.
Yes, when they come, children change everything...
especially when they're not invited.
Transcripts by Raceman
Subtitles by Alice
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
Grandma's here.
In life...
It's a post-nuptial agreement.
I'm not signing this.
Aah!
Sign it!
Stop! You're hurting me!
Mrs. Solis, what are you doing here?
You can't change what's already been done.
People leave trails.
One of those trails will lead to Deirdre.
I'm not taking my money to the grave.
I'm going to use it to save your ass.
Or who people really are.
Andrew just told me he thinks he might be gay.
Every morning as she went to take out her trash,
Lynette Scavo would indulge in a little daydream,
the details of which were always the same.
One day her nasty neighbor Karen Mccluskey
would keel over and die,
and her home would be bought by a lovely
Swedish family with two adorable twin daughters.
The families would for man everlasting friendship,
culminating in their daughters marrying her sons
at an elaborate wedding
the Scavos wouldn't have to pay for.
Yes, Lynette enjoyed her little daydream,
but Mrs. Mccluskey always had a way
of pulling her back to reality.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Why are you stealing my garbage cans?
Garbage pickup was two days ago, and
these cans have been on the street ever since.
I just assumed you didn't want them anymore.
Oh, that's very cute.
That's good.
Here. Give them here.
It's bad enough we got to look at that
god-awful color you painted the house.
We shouldn't have to stare at
your cans for days on end.
You want to talk about good neighbor etiquette?
How about you hire a gardener
to take care of that jungle you call a lawn?
I am on a fixed income.
Oh. Well, perhaps you should consider
moving somewhere less expensive,
like a nursing home.
Go to hell.
Run by Germans, hmm?
And you know --
Oh. Oh.
Mrs. - Mrs. Mccluskey.
Mrs. Mccluskey, are you all right?
I'll get the door.
Mrs. Mccluskey.
For a brief moment, Lynette was presented
with an interesting choice of options.
And though she knew she'd hate
herself in the morning,
Lynette chose to do the right thing.
Lynette, where are they taking me?
You're going to the hospital, Mrs. Mccluskey.
You're going to be fine.
I don't want to go alone.
Come with me.
Oh, um, these are trained technicians,
and I've got a roast in the... freezer.
Please. I'm scared.
Yeah, I'll come with you.
Okay, here I am. Thank you.
If I die, I don't want it to be with strangers.
You're not going to die.
How can you be so sure?
Of course, Lynette didn't respond.
How could she tell her neighbor that some dreams
were just too beautiful to come true?
Episode 19 : Live Alone and Like It
(a.k.a. An Unexpected Song)
Life is a journey,
one that is much better traveled
with a companion by our side.
But sometimes we lose
our companions along the way,
and then the journey becomes unbearable.
Noah.
Didn't know you were a religious man.
What's with the rosary?
They found Dierdre.
What?
Her body had been stuffed inside a toy chest.
Can you believe that?
A kid's toy chest.
She'd been dismembered.
Oh, my god.
Cops I.D.'D her from her dental records.
She's been dead 15 years.
All that time I was looking for her,
she was already gone.
I'm so sorry.
I have to bury my baby.
I came out here to,
Uh... figure out what kind of
Tombstone to get her.
You shouldn't be doing this now.
Let's get you home.
There's a cop I want you to talk to.
A cop?
His name is Sullivan.
I paid him to take the heat off you
for your neighbor's murder.
He'll get you the file on Dierdre's case.
Apparently, they have some leads.
I don't know.
I think we may be making a huge mistake.
We made our decision.
Let's just stick to it.
Let's say we leave him here three more weeks.
What's the worst that could happen?
Our son just told us that he might be gay.
There are 200 other boys in this camp.
Now, I could explain to you what might happen
if we left him here,
but I'm a lady,
and I don't use that kind of language.
You  know, I bet we're worrying
ourselves sick over nothing.
This is probably just a phase.
Exactly, so we'll get him home,
we'll get him into Christian counseling
so it won't become a lifestyle.
Well, whatever's going on with him,
he's still our son, and we love him.
Why would you say that to me?
Because it's obvious how freaked out you are
by the whole gay thing.
I may be freaked out,
but that doesn't change how I feel about him.
I'm just saying be cool.
I can be just as cool as you can.
All  right.
It'll be nice to have you back.
Andrew...
I would love you even if you were a murderer.
Mommy, the line's not moving.
Oh, for pete's sake.
Mom. Mom.
What?
Kids are waiting.
Oh, honey, hector here teaches salsa dancing
at the community center.
I give private lessons, too.
Oh, I bet you do.
Mom.
What?
Could you please not flirt
with the ice cream man?
Why not?
Do you need a reason beyond the fact
that he's the ice cream man?
It's called moving on with your life.
You just broke up
with Morty two weeks ago.
Don't you think you can at least pretend
to mourn the relationship?
Oh, you are such a stick in the mud.
We should be out there having fun.
I know what we can do tonight.
We can go to some hip club
and get some hot guys.
Mom --
oh, it'll be great.
I'll say I'm 42, and you can be 28.
What?
Oh, you can pull it off.
Mrs. Mccluskey, you're back
from the hospital already?
Turns out I O.D.'D a little bit
on my arthritis medication.
One pill, I can open a jar.
Four pills, I'm face-down crawling for my life.
You'll find out about that soon enough.
Well, I'm glad to hear you're all right.
Here.
My way of saying thank you
for not letting me die out there on the lawn.
Oh, Mrs. Mccluskey, you don't --
keep that.
It's genuine tiffany.
It's been in my family for years.
I don't know what to say.
It's - it's stunning. Thank you.
I'd invite you in, but --
well, I wanted to tell you what my doctor said.
Seems that arthritis is the least of my problems.
See, I had this skin tag --
or what I thought was a skin tag,
but it turns out it might be more serious.
What do you think you're doing?
Please - I can't sleep in the den anymore.
I need to sleep in a bed.
Well, then, you might want to try a motel,
because you're not coming back in here.
How many times have I got to say I'm sorry?
Obviously, a few more.
I am not proud of what I did.
I admit, I was way out of line.
You want back in this bed?
You know what to do.
I'm not tearing up the post-nup.
Why not?
Because it's the one way that I can ensure
you'll be here when I get out of jail.
Well, then have fun at the motel.
Fine.
Tomorrow I'm canceling your credit cards.
What?
And I'm taking away your ATM as well.
What am I supposed to do for money?
Maybe once you see
how good you've got it here,
you'll start treating me with a little respect.
You want my respect?
Then tear up the post-nup.
Give me my pillow.
One more thing --
if you ever hurt me again,
I will kill you.
If you ever leave me for another man,
I'll kill you.
Boy, with all this passion,
isn't it a shame that we're not having sex?
I feel trapped.
You want me to open a window?
No, I'm talking about my life.
Oh.
Are we done making out?
No, no. Keep going.
So what's up?
I'm unhappy with Carlos and my marriage.
I feel like I don't have options,
and it's driving me crazy.
Every time something went south in my life,
I always had a plan "B."
Now I feel like I have nothing.
What about me?
Can't I be your plan "B"?
Damn it, John,
what is our new rule?
Stop pretending we have a future.
Thank you.
Can't you just walk out?
No, 'cause if I leave, then I'll be broke,
and that's awful.
If I stay, then he's in control,
and that's horrifying.
And he cut up all my credit cards,
which means I'm married to him and unable to shop,
which is probably the worst of all possible worlds.
I'm sorry.
I'll  figure something out.
I'm not much fun today.
I'm going to go.
Wait.
What's this?
You deserve nice things,
and if Mr. Solis won't provide them, I will.
With your student credit card?
I own my own business.
You mow lawns.
I make good money.
You know, I have 20 houses, and I'm this close
to getting the driving range at the country club.
I can't.
Yes, you can.
I'll pay it off.
If you want.
But you don't have to.
Mrs. Solis...
to take care of you --
it's my dream.
Well, far be it from me to stand
in the way of a young man's dream.
Okay, Tom, yeah.
I will swing by the dry cleaners after I hit the market.
Mm, I don't know.
Porter has a dentist appointment at 4:00,
so the, um, car might have to wait until Tomorrow.
Okay, yeah. I love you, too. Bye-bye.
Hi there.
I brought you some avocados.
I have a tree in back, but I hate them,
and your family seems like the kind
that would eat guacamole.
Um, Mrs. Mccluskey, thank you.
That is very nice.
So let's make up a batch.
Oh, um, now's not a good time.
I'm on my way out.
I have a ton of errands.
Oh, that's great, because my car's on the Fritz,
and I could hitch a ride.
I need to drop by the pharmacy anyway.
No, I can't. I'm sorry,
but I-I have a lot of things to do.
Maybe you could take me later.
I could drop by Tomorrow.
Mrs. Mccluskey, I'm not going to
have any time Tomorrow.
Oh. Kind of interesting that
you can't spend two minutes with me,
but you have no trouble taking my tiffany lamp.
Oh, for god's sakes.
Here.
You should take this back.
I-I don't have a place for it.
But that was my thank you for saving my life.
I know, and it was a beautiful gesture.
Really.
But I just --
Save it, Lynette.
I get the picture.
Oh!
Oh, god.
Susie, this is Tim.
Sorry we startled you.
Oh, uh, that's okay. I --
I just didn't expect to see
anybody up at a quarter to 1:00.
Oh, Susie, you should have come out tonight.
I met Tim here at the islands bar,
and he introduced me to this crazy drink --
the dirty volcano.
Whoo.
And then we danced,
and he dipped me.
Sophie's very limber.
Uh, mom, could I just talk to you
in the family room for a minute?
Oh, sure.
Susan is your daughter?
Ha ha. Yeah.
No, she can't be.
Yes.
No.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
No.
Yes.
Okay, we get it.
She looks young.
That man has magic fingers.
What are you doing?
I have a teenage daughter in the house.
You can't just bring strange men
you meet in bars here in the middle of the night.
We're just having a few laughs.
What's the big deal?
I know you're trying to get over Morty,
but this is not the way to do it,
So can you please just go out there
and tell him to go home?
You know how blue I've been.
Why can't you be supportive?
I have been plenty supportive.
No, you haven't.
You really haven't.
Now, Tim is my guest,
and he will go home when I say so.
If he's not gone in five minutes,
I'm going to go out there and tell him
exactly how old you really are.
Tim, it's time for me to go sleepy-bye.
Delfino.
Yeah.
You must be Sullivan.
The file on Noah's daughter.
Yeah, he said you had some leads.
Yeah, sure, we got some leads.
Is there a problem?
Gee, I don't know.
I'm handing a confidential police report
over to a killer and drug dealer.
Why should that be a problem?
Thanks.
Is this what our justice system has come to --
guys like you walking the streets
without a care in the world?
I did my time.
Not nearly enough,
you piece of garbage.
You know, I'm glad we had the chance to meet,
because apparently, I'm no longer
a murder suspect thanks to you,
so I don't want to seem ungrateful.
But  just out of curiosity --
how much does it cost to buy off
a homicide detective these days?
Thanks again.
Hey, Delfino... one more thing.
Now, this file is misplaced.
Understand?
If even a whisper of this gets traced back to me,
there will be one less cop killer on the street.
And for god's sakes...
don't get any blood on the file.
Ma'am, I'm sorry,
but your credit card has been declined.
What?
Oh, no, that's impossible.
It's a new card.
I just went shopping with it.
Try it again.
Ma'am, I ran it three times,
and then I called the bank.
Now, may I try another card?
Of course you may.
Will you just give me a moment?
Hello?
It's me.
I've been trying to call you,
but you turned your cell off.
Because I'm in a lovely restaurant
having a lovely meal that I now can't pay for.
Well, did you order already?
I ate already.
Look, the credit card company called my mom.
I mean, they said that there was
unusual activity on my card.
I bought shoes.
Well, I didn't know that.
And then my mom started asking all these questions,
so I just blurted out that the card was stolen,
and she canceled it.
Why would they call your parents?
It's your account.
They co-signed for it.
Look, if you just explain to the waiter --
What, that the credit card
was canceled by my lover's mommy?
Well, what other options do you have?
Unless you return the shoes
and get the money back.
Return the shoes?
I can't talk to you
when you're being hysterical.
So, ma'am, what would you
like to do about the bill?
Afternoon. I've got a package
for your neighbor Karen Mccluskey.
You mind signing?
Well, isn't she home?
She usually never goes anywhere.
No one answered.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
So let me get this straight --
You play tennis, you know wine,
and you speak mandarin.
Does every other man
in the world want you dead?
Well, I'm not that impressive.
I pulled a gray hair
out of my chest this morning.
I don't know. I'd watch your back.
You know, I've really
enjoyed talking to you.
You, uh...
Well, you made my day.
I was thinking if you'd like
to get together again...
Well, Sam, to --to tell you the truth,
I'm kind of in a relationship right now.
I just wanted to be honest.
That's perfectly okay, Tina.
By the way...
this is on me.
Oh, no, you shouldn't.
Oh, please.
It's my pleasure.
This is going to be a disaster.
It'll be fine.
Andrew, honey, hurry up.
Dinner's ready.
It's like we're setting a trap for him.
It's for his own good.
You'll see.
Smells good.
What are we having?
I'm making homemade bratwurst
with sweet-and-sour cabbage.
It's a recipe I found in
an old German cookbook.
I'll get the door.
Honey, why don't you pour the wine?
Isn't Danielle spending the night at Wendy's?
I believe she is.
Well, then why did mom set the table
for four places?
Huh?
Uh, I asked who's coming for dinner.
Andrew...
you remember Reverend Sikes, don't you?
Oh, come on.
Um, Reverend, why don't you have a seat,
and I will get some refreshments?
So, Andrew...
it's been a long time.
Yes.
Yes, it has.
Would you like some water?
I have flat or bubbly.
Oh, bubbly, please.
So...
your mother tells me you've started having
some sexual desires for other boys.
I don't suppose I could get some of that.
Nope.
I'm going to need every drop.
And over the years, we've had so many
young people come to our ministry
hating themselves for their unnatural desires,
and within a few months,
they've found an inner peace and
a tranquility that is nothing short of miraculous.
Oh.
And all it takes is a little faith
and a desire to change.
I'm sorry,
but I-I really don't want to talk about my sex life.
Well, that's just too bad,
because this needs to be discussed.
Bree, please, let the boy speak.
Go on.
Well, I appreciate your offer to help.
I do.
But I don't hate myself.
So I'm good.
Son, I know what it's like to be a teenager.
It's a very confusing time.
I'm not confused.
I know exactly who I am.
Well... if you ever do want to talk,
my door is always open.
Reverend, I don't mean to criticize, but...
it sounds like you're giving up.
We can't force him on the path of righteousness.
He himself has got to
want to make the journey.
Well, then, what do we do,
just stand by while he starts dating boys?
And by the way, the correct word is not "gay."
It's "sodomy."
We're in the middle of dinner.
So?
So can you at least wait till dessert
before calling our sona sodomite?
How you can sit there
and be so casual is beyond me.
For starters, I knew this dinner was a bad idea
the moment you suggested it.
Well, at least I'm trying to be proactive.
Please, there's no need to get upset.
I am upset because there is a problem here,
and no one seems to notice it but me.
As far as I'm concerned,
if Andrew is happy with who he is,
then it is our job to support him.
Your father is into S&M.
Bree.
He makes me beat him with a riding crop,
and I let him.
It's no wonder you're perverted.
Look who your parents are.
Excuse me.
What a fun night.
You know, we should really do
this again sometime.
Hey.
Hey - good news.
I know why you've been so furious at me.
I haven't been furious at you.
Oh, well, yes, you have,
and I don't blame you.
Men have been coming on to me left and right,
and I just - I've been having so much fun
and just enjoying life, and --
what do I do?
I throw it right in your face.
I'd hate me, too.
Mom, I don't hate you.
Well, be that as it may,
from here on out,
I'm including you in all the fun.
The fun?
Mm-hmm.
Your mother's come through.
What have you done?
You and I are going on a double date tonight.
What?
Tim has a friend from the box factory,
and I thought the four of us could hang out,
have a few drinks, some hors d'oeuvres, and --
forget it.
Well, Susie --
Mom, I'm sorry.
I'm just not in the mood to hang out these days.
Susie, sweetie, please, I can't cancel now.
Of course you can.
Just call them up and tell them not to come over.
Tim.
Hi, Susie.
This is --this is my buddy Lamont.
I brought peppermint schnapps.
I'm sure she's fine.
She never leaves her mail sitting out there.
I mean, how many times has she thrown ours away
because we didn't pick it up the second it came?
That would be five.
I don't know, Tom.
I think something's happened to her.
Okay, so go overhand check on her.
But if I'm wrong, then I'm sucked
into a 2-hour conversation about bunions.
Don't go check on her.
Six months from now,
when they find her mummified corpse
at the bottom of the basement stairs,
What do I tell the kids?
"Oh, yeah, I let Mrs. Mccluskey die."
Yeah, and why would they care?
Like they're going to miss the dry cleaning coupons
she hands out on Halloween.
Tom.
Listen, honey, what can I say?
You're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't,
so, uh, good luck with that.
Honey, I'm hating you a little bit right now.
Hi, honey. Look at my new shoes.
Yeah.
Aren't they gorgeous?
Honey, I'm trying to watch the game.
Sorry.
How'd you buy new shoes?
Shh. Talk later. You're watching the game.
No, I want to talk about it now.
You don't have any money,
so what's the story?
Oh, you've heard it before.
Girl meets boy, boy buys girl things,
girl leaves happy.
What did you do?
You know, I forgot how generous men could be.
I also forgot I have options - a whole bunch of them.
What the hell are you talking about?
I don't need your credit cards, Carlos,
and I don't need your money,
but if our marriage is going to work,
I need your respect.
I'm not ripping up the post-nup.
Yes, you are.
Because if you don't, I'm going to put on
my new shoes and walk out the door.
You're threatening me.
No, I'm just pointing something out.
I'm a pretty girl, and pretty girls are never lonely.
Stop - I'm really ticklish.
So, uh, children's books, right?
Don't! That tickles!
Well, I hope you know how lucky you are.
Not everyone gets to realize their bliss.
Yeah, it can be rewarding.
Why don't you join me?
No.
I'm really ticklish.
Come on!
What's wrong?
For god's sake, Tim, she's ticklish!
How many times do you have to be told?
Oh, plfft. This is so much fun.
Come on, let's find another CD.
Mother, don't you think it's getting a little late?
Come on.
You haven't even finished your schnapps.
The perfect capper to the perfect evening.
So good night.
It's been lovely, and, Lamont,
good luck with all your inventions.
Well, it's only 11:30.
I want to hit the clubs.
Well, I know a great place just off the interstate.
Come on.
Let's warm up the old war wagon.
Mom, hold it!
You are not getting into
the car alone with those two.
You barely know them.
I have great instincts about people.
I always have, Susie. You know that.
You've been married four times.
Yes, but twice to the same guy.
Mother.
Susie, please, you are embarrassing me.
Oh, I'm embarrassing you?
Yes, and I've had it.
All night long,
I've been trying to get you to stop being so crabby,
and you refuse to let me help.
And - and your idea of helping
is letting Tim just grope you?
Hey! You shouldn't talk to your mother like that.
She's a fine lady.
Tim, could you just stay out of it?
Yeah, mind your own business.
Hey, what's your problem, pal?
Dude, you were feeling up her mother.
It pissed me off, too.
Come on, Susie.
Let's go back inside.
"Let's go back inside"?
Lamont, give it up.
You're not getting any.
Why are you being this way?
Just - I'm just trying to lighten things up.
Stop acting like tonight was about helping me.
You wanted to go out and have fun,
and Lamont over there needed a date.
That's not true.
Oh, yes, it is.
Okay, fine, it's true.
I wanted to get out and have fun.
Why shouldn't I?
You know how depressed I've been
over my breakup with Morty.
Yeah, I do,
and that's what makes me so crazy.
You know, the difference between you and I --
that you could be heartbroken
and you can just move on,
and I...
am just broken.
I know you're sad.
No, mom, I'm not sad.
And I'm not crabby.
I'm devastated,
and you keep acting
like all I need is a couple of aspirin.
Morty was just one guy
in a series of guys for you.
And Mike...
he was the one.
Why don't you get that?
It's Lynette.
Hello?
Mrs. Mccluskey?
Mrs. Mccluskey. You all right?
How did you get in here?
Uh, Mr. Mullinshad a spare.
Why didn't you open the door?
Because I was hoping that you'd go away.
Have you been taking your arthritis medication?
I don't need to.
Sometimes the pain goes away by itself.
Uh-huh.
Is that why you didn't open the door,
because of your hands?
Mrs. Mccluskey, do you have anyone
that could help you out - a relative, a friend?
I'm fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Uh... before you go... open these, would you?
And - and put out the pills.
Yeah.
And don't get your hands all over them.
God knows what your kids have picked up.
Last thing I need's a case of pinkeye.
You're a piece of work.
You know that?
Well, this is crazy.
Why'd they give you childproof caps?
First thing Tomorrow, I'm taking you to the pharmacy,
and we'll get you new bottles.
Don't do me any favors.
You don't even like me.
I don't want you doing anything
because you feel obligated.
Let me tell you something.
Half of life is obligations.
You don't want to go to your husband's
company Christmas party, but you do.
You don't want to sell candy
so your kid's band can buy piccolos, but you do it.
You attend your third cousin's wedding.
You pick up the dry cleaning.
That's life --it's obligations.
And you are now my obligation,
so Tomorrow morning, I'll pick you up,
and we'll go to the pharmacy.
Gee, I'm touched
by your outpouring of compassion.
We don't have to be friends.
But we're two human beings
living on the same piece of earth.
We can at least try
and help each other out once in a while.
And you know what?
I am going to take this.
Fine.
I'll see you Tomorrow morning.
Pick me up at 9:00.
And don't be late.
Andrew, come here. I want you to see this.
Um, what are you looking at?
I'm looking at your baby pictures.
Look at that one.
How old was I there?
Just 4 weeks old.
I never told you this, but when I gave birth to you,
there were complications.
The umbilical cord wrapped around your neck,
and you stopped breathing.
The room got very quiet,
and I knew you were in trouble.
So I turned to the doctor, and I very calmly said
that he was not to worry about me,
that his job was to save your life.
When I say I would die for you,
that's not an expression.
I mean it.
Yeah, well, uh...
I'm going to go eat my sandwich.
Andrew, please,
just go and talk to Reverend Sikes.
Oh, for god's sakes --
he can counsel you. It can help.
Mom, I don't need any help, all right?
I'm fine.
Why do you keep going on about this?
Because if you don't change who you are,
then you won't go to heaven.
You, um...
you - you don't think I-I'll go to heaven?
No, I don't.
And I need you there.
I would be so lonely without you.
Well...
then I guess I better go talk to Reverend Sikes.
Oh, Andrew.
Thank you so much.
You don't know how much that means to me.
Oh, my - my gosh.
Uh, are you okay?
Oh, yeah, I just, uh, fell down the stairs.
I'm fine.
What's up?
Susan still loves you.
Wow, um...
okay.
Look, this is not a good time
for this conversation.
She just misses you so much.
Sophie, I just found out
that someone I was very close to is dead.
I've really got to figure out
what I'm going to do,
so I just don't have time
to think about Susan right now.
She's just very, very unhappy,
and if you could just --
I really don't.
I'm sorry.
PAUL YOUNG
I swear before almighty god
I won't reveal a word that's said here today.
Now...
what's on your mind?
Well, here's the thing --
I lied to my parents.
I'm not gay.
You're not.
Not really.
Look, all I know is
I wanted to get the hell out of that camp,
so I lied to my parents,
and I told them that I was really worried
that I was having feelings for other guys,
and...
they did exactly what I wanted them to.
They are such tools.
I'm sorry, just so I'm clear --
are you a heterosexual or aren't you?
Look... I love vanilla ice cream, okay?
But every now and then,
I'm probably going to be in the mood for chocolate.
You know what I'm saying?
I do, but god would prefer
you stick to the vanilla.
I don't believe in god.
You don't.
No.
Sorry.
You know, your mother's
going to be devastated.
She's been praying so hard for you to change.
Well, that's the good news.
I am going to change - big time.
I-I'm not sure I follow.
You know what my mom said to me last night?
She said she doesn't think I'm going to heaven.
Can you believe that?
I'm sure she didn't mean to hurt your feelings,
but the only way you can know paradise
is by repenting your sins.
When she said that to me,
suddenly it hit me how I was going to get back at her.
From now on,
I'm going to be so good.
I'm going to eat my vegetables,
I-I'm going to get good grades,
I'm going to say "yes, ma'am"and "no, ma'am."
I'm going to make her believe
that god has delivered her this little miracle.
Until one day,
when she least expects it,
I'm going to do something so awful
it is going to rock her world.
I mean, it is really going to destroy her.
And when that day comes...
trust me.
I'll know paradise.
Yes, life is a journey,
one that is much better traveled with
a companion by our side.
Of course, that companion
can be just about anyone.
Mrs. Mccluskey!
We're going to be late for the doctor.
A neighbor on the other side of the street...
I'm coming. Jeez, hold your water.
There you go.
No more post-nup.
Or the man on the other side of the bed.
The companion can be a mother
with good intentions...
thank you for a wonderful service, Reverend.
Thank you so much, Bree.
Or a child who's up to no good.
Very inspirational.
Still, despite our best intentions,
some of us will lose our companions
along the way.
And then the journey becomes unbearable.
You see, human beings
are designed for many things,
but loneliness isn't one of them.
transcripts by Raceman
subtitles by Alice
Previously on <b>Desperate Housewives</b>:
I want a child.
We made a deal: No kids.
Tampering with prescriptions,
The file on Noah's daughter.
uncovering evidence,
What are we looking for exactly?
What was that?
breaking and entering,
Bree is a lady.
A very beautiful, classy lady.
Remember, they tend to end up with doctors.
Not pharmacists.
and a whole lot of revenge.
Since she was a little girl,
Susan Mayer wanted to be a mother in the worst way.
And from the first day
she brought Julie home from the hospital,
she was
desperate to do well by her daughter.
Susan suffered through countless failures.
Of course, it took Susan a few years to realize
even the best of parents make mistakes now and then.
But now that Julie was a teenage girl,
Susan had started to realize
there was no room for error.
Julie, what is Zach doing out there?
I told you not to speak to him anymore.
I'm not.
That's why he's throwing gravel at my window.
That's it. I'm going to
heal him of this once and for all.
Zach, what do you think you're--
Ow! Ow!
Mrs Mayer, I'm so sorry.
It's just--
One pebble wasn't working,
so I tried a whole handful.
Look, I'll make it up to you.
How, you're gonna give me your corneas?
Mom, lay back.
I just wanted to talk to Julie.
She hasn't been returning my phone calls.
Well, I'm here now.
What do you want?
Come on, Julie.
I just want to see you again.
You know, talk, hang out.
Maybe it would be better
if we cooled it for a while, OK?
Why?
You just threw rocks in her mother's face,
how's that for a start?
Thank you so much.
I've been trying to find a way
to break up with him for weeks.
You finally gave me an excuse.
Yes, Susan had failed many times
as a mother.
You did it good, mom.
So she took her victories where she found them.
You're welcome.
season 1, episode 20:
<b>Fear No More
Spring comes every year to Wisteria Lane.
It's the time when flowers start to bloom,
when butterflies emerge from their cocoons,
when bees begin to search for nectar.
Spring is also the time when
a young man's fancy turns to obsession.
Hello there.
Oh my heavenly days.
Rex, look! It's George.
It's nice to see you, Bree.
Dr Van de Kamp--
George--
So, how's your health?
Not good. And my cardiologist is an idiot.
The doctor upped his dosage twice
and it's still not helping.
I'm sure it'll all work itself out.
It's funny running into you both.
I happen to have a bonsai exhibition in
Mt Pleasant Friday night. Would you like to go?
I would love to! Rex?
A whole evening with bonsai trees?
Wouldn't it be easier to shoot me?
Probably.
Why don't we just go by ourselves then?
Actually- Bree, we have that thing Friday night.
What thing?
We don't have a thing.
I think your husband is trying to say that
he doesn't want you to go out with me.
Rex, are you jealous?
No.
It's true that we dated during the separation,
but George and I are just friends now, aren't we?
It's certainly platonic.
But if you feel threatened--
I don't feel threatened.
Good! Then it's a date.
So are you going to make a purchase today?
You know, I have finally convinced Rex
to buy his first orchid.
Make sure you study up.
I hate people who own precious flowers
and don't know how to take proper care of them.
You know what I hate?
Weeds.
They pop up out of nowhere
and you have to work so hard to get rid of them.
I've found, with the right chemicals
you can get rid of almost anything.
See you Friday.
Bye.
Mrs Sol韘! What a surprise.
We haven't seen you here in quite some time.
Yes, my husband and I went through
a downsizing phase. But we stepped out of it.
Life is good.
Oh, and this would make it so much better.
Excellent.
Slip inside, see how that feels.
I'd love to have this in my driveway by Saturday.
I'm having the big barbecue.
I want everyone to see it.
Exciting. What's the occasion?
I'm throwing my husband a going-away party.
Really? Where's he going?
It's, um - a sort of
government-sponsored sabbatical.
How long will he be gone?
Eight months.
Six, with good behavior.
Isn't the leather interior wonderful?
It is.
It just smells a little intense.
Because it was imported from Italy.
It's 100% Italian calf.
I'm so sorry.
It hit me out of nowhere.
It was so weird.
Smells are making me nauseous lately.
Boobs tender? Achey back?
Yeah! Has it been going around?
Only for centuries.
I went through it all
when I was carrying my oldest.
The truth is, you'll never fit a child seat
in the back of that tiny Spider anyway.
The 4-doors are much roomier.
Wha- I-I'm sorry,
you think I'm pregnant?
No, I'm not pregnant!
Oh. You have those symptoms,
I just assumed.
You assumed wrong.
I'm sorry.
I'm on the pill, for God's sakes.
OK.
And I don't want a 4-door.
I want a sexy low convertible,
and I want to buy one. Right now.
I'll go start the paperwork.
Not this one, I- vomited in this one.
Right.
We'll find you a fresh one.
Lynette!
You forgot your Halperin file.
Oh my God. Lynette.
If there was one person Lynette
never expected to see again,
it was Annabelle Foster.
8 years earlier, Annabelle
had begged Tom to marry her.
But he told her
he wasn't the marrying kind.
Then one day, Tom happened to meet
a rising young executive
by the name of Lynette Lindkvist.
And after a few torrid weeks, Tom decided
perhaps he was the marrying kind after all,
causing an embittered Annabelle
to move back to Chicago.
Permanently.
Or so Lynette had hoped.
You look fantastic!
Thank you!
And you, you're- here! In the office!
Tom's office!
Yeah, going on 3 months now.
Oh.
Didn't Tom tell you?
It- must have slipped his mind.
Ah, forget to tell your wife
you work with the old girlfriend, huh?
I guess that makes me
your dirty little secret.
Well, I'll- go back to work.
See you later.
Can't wait!
Oh! Almost forgot.
Your file.
Hey Paul, what's up?
Something's been nagging me, Edie.
I want to talk to you about it.
OK?
That night I found you in my house--
why were you really there?
You know why.
I came by to drop off your key.
Some things were moved around my living room.
What were you looking for?
What are you talking about?
Do I have to call the police?
Do whatever you want.
Suit yourself.
OK, OK!
Susan made me do it.
She had this fixation on
why Mary Alice killed herself,
and she keeps blathering about
blackmail notes and dead babies.
Oh, and she got really hot in the butt
when she found the name "Angela"
written on one of your videotapes.
Did she find what she was looking for?
No. You came home before
she had a chance to watch the video.
I see.
She sort of thinks you're evil.
Thank you, Edie.
What was that all about?
Susan Mayer's obsession with Mary Alice
almost got me arrested.
And now Paul's after her.
If I liked her better I'd warn her,
but- you know--
Thanks.
Susan?
I'll- talk to you girls later.
Still avoiding me, huh?
No, no.
What do you want?
I heard you and Edie broke into Paul Young's house.
Who told you that?
Edie.
Well- yeah, we did.
We were just looking--
It doesn't matter, it was dumb.
Listen, I want you to stay away from that guy.
I was planning to do that anyway.
Good.
Mike?
I know why I was planning on staying away from him.
Why do you want me to stay away from him?
I just know he's a bad guy.
So please don't mess with him.
I won't.
I promise.
So- I've been thinking
about the pharmacist.
George? What about him?
I don't think you should go out with him.
Please don't be this way.
He's the only friend I have who is
interested in cultural things.
Bree--
I'm worried because he is obviously
still in love with you.
No, he just wants to be friends.
He told me so.
What else would a man in love say?
He's desperate to spend time with you.
He does not seem desperate to me.
I saw the way his hands trembled
when you touched his shoulder.
They did?
When we first started dating,
the same thing happened to me.
I don't remember that.
Listen, continuing to see him
would just give him false hope.
I certainly don't want to hurt him- again.
No. You don't.
I think it would be a good idea
to switch pharmacies.
Really?
OK.
You know what I'll miss most about him?
George always has a way of
making me feel good about myself.
Yeah, he's a terrific guy.
Honey, do your hands still tremble
when they touch me?
No. But come on,
we've been married 18 years.
Yes, we have.
And you still don't know when I need you to lie.
Excuse me.
Um- this home pregnancy test,
is it a good one?
I guess.
OK, um- do you have a rest room?
It's for employees only.
Oh, it's right over there, Mrs Sol韘.
Help yourself.
Thank you.
What did I tell you about being rude to customers?
You'll stick a smile on your face,
or I'll keep you in the back stocking shelves
with no one else to look at you!
Bree! What a pleasant surprise!
What brings you here?
Didn't we just fill Dr Van de Kamp's prescription last week?
George, as it turns out,
I won't be able to go with you to the bonsai expo.
Oh, why not?
I think it'd be a mistake for us
to spend too much time together.
Dr Van de Kamp said something about me.
What was it?
It doesn't matter.
Please. Tell me.
He said you're still in love with me.
That's- that's stupid.
I'm not in love with you.
I'm not.
The truth is,
I'm in love with Ginger.
Ginger? The stock girl?
Yes. It's very serious.
Oh- why didn't you tell me?
We're taking it slow.
But she is definitely the one.
Oh my goodness! This changes everything.
Listen. A friend of mine is having
a barbecue for her husband on Saturday,
and I think you should come.
Really?
Yes, and bring Ginger.
Ginger? I don't know if she can make it.
But you have to bring Ginger, because
if Rex sees you two together, he'll relax.
Oh. Uh--
OK.
Son of a bitch!
You are out of toilet paper.
Bree, I'll call you later!
Lynette?
Honey?
Are you home?
Three months?
God, you scared the hell out of me!
Were you ever going to tell me?
I wanted to, but I kept putting it off.
I knew how you'd react.
Congratulations, you read me like a book.
Why would you hire that woman?
Technically, Peterson found her.
I just vouched for her.
Tom!
Come on honey, I'm just helping her out.
It's the least I can do.
She was devastated when I left her for you.
I felt bad.
Do you still have feelings for her?
All right, I'm not talking to you.
You can tell me you still care about her.
Don't you? Just a teeny tiny little bit?
I was just trying to be a good guy.
That's all.
Well you can't work with her.
What do you want me to do, quit?
Talk to Peterson. Maybe you can get a transfer.
Weren't you guys planning on
starting something up in Belize?
Honey, you're crazy!
No, I'm serious.
If she stays, I will haunt your office.
I'll bring you lunch every day.
I'll bring your kids to visit.
I will change diapers on your desk.
Every birthday cake in the break room,
every retirement party,
I will be there. Watching her.
Well, I better get you a parking space.
Cause she's staying.
Don't you think it spices up the room?
Oh, I was just letting you a gift.
To apologize for throwing gravel in your face.
You didn't have to do that.
I kind of did.
I want us to be friends.
Yeah, well--
that's not going to happen.
Why not?
Aside from you blinding me,
several weeks ago
you freaked out in my house.
You screamed,
you threw furniture around--
OK. I realize I was at a run that night.
But I was upset.
You have to get over that.
For Julie's sake.
For Julie's sake?
How do you think it makes her feel
that her mother and her boyfriend
can't even get along?
Zach, Julie does not think of you
as her boyfriend.
In fact, I don't think
she wants anything to do with you.
She said that?
Yeah.
I don't believe you.
Believe whatever you want.
If she did, it's because
you told her stuff about me that's not true!
Zach! Come here!
Right now!
Please. Don't ruin this for me.
How do you know Mary Alice?
Who?
Mary Alice Young.
She lives next door to me in Fairview.
She's standing right here in this picture with you.
That's Angela Forrest. We worked together
at the rehab center, 15 years ago.
Don't be dense, Felicia.
Don't you think I know my own neighbor?
Does this Mary Alice have children?
A teenager. Her boy.
What?
Angela and I worked together
with a very disturbed young woman
who gave birth to a baby boy.
About a year later,
Angela and her husband
disappeared.
Not long after that,
I heard that the child was missing too.
People said it was just a coincidence.
But in my heart I always hoped
that she had given him a proper home.
Are you saying
she stole the baby?
Don't look shocked, Martha.
Makes your face look fat.
The biological mother was a drug addict.
If Angela really is your neighbor,
which I doubt,
then that child was very lucky.
Lynette, hey!
If you're looking for Tom,
he's out with a client.
No. I actually wanted to see you.
That's really funny.
I was thinking the same thing.
I've been here all this time.
We should go out.
For lunch, just the two of us.
Yeah, I'll check my book.
So Annabelle--
do you have feelings for Tom?
What?
You heard me.
OK, you want to talk about this, Lynette?
Let's talk.
Yes, Tom and I were in love.
But he married you.
I'm not looking to break up a happy couple.
Anyway, that's probably more your speed, isn't it?
Morning, ladies.
Just gotten in for a little more fuel.
Yeah, one man's sludge
is another man's liquid gold.
Well, back to the trenches.
Watch your step.
Tom and I are a team.
Our marriage is rock solid.
Nothing you do could ever break that up.
Then why are you down here right now,
warning me?
Gabrielle! What brings you down here?
Sweet mother of God,
what have you done this time?
You're pregnant?
Yes.
And it's impossible, I'm on the pill!
Which I know you probably think is a sin.
But it works.
It's a 99.9% effective sin.
Maybe it's in that 1/10 of a percent
that God resides.
Couldn't wait to throw that in, could you?
God is screwing with me.
He doesn't like how I live my life,
so he's punishing me.
Have you done something
that would warrant being punished?
The gardener?
I thought that was over.
No, it was, and then--
He just happened to be there.
That's my point:
I'd be an awful mother.
I'm selfish, I'm self-centered--
The only person more self-centered than me is Carlos.
He's so self-centered that he doesn't even know
how self-centered I am.
We'd be terrible parents.
Gabrielle, I'd like to help.
But I'm not sure what it is you want.
I want to know who to be angry at.
Here's a thought:
Don't be angry. Be thankful.
Children are a gift, are they not?
I don't have time for this crap.
I have a party to plan.
Thanks. Edie.
Hi.
Wow, things are really coming along.
Yeah, slowly and expensively.
It'll be worth it.
You're doing an amazing job.
So, look, you're basically a- predator,
and I need some advice.
... and I know Tom loves me,
but I don't trust this woman.
I think there's an agenda there.
I don't know. I bet I'm being paranoid.
No, you did the right thing coming to me.
There are two ways to approach this.
But first I have to ask:
What kind of shape is this woman in?
Fantastic shape. She's gorgeous.
OK. Now there's only one way to approach this.
You're gonna have to act fast.
I'm listening.
It's really pretty simple.
When I feel threatened by a woman,
I pull her in.
I make her my best friend.
I thought you said
you didn't have any female friends.
I don't.
And I've never felt threatened by a woman either.
But the point is:
Keep your friends close,...
... keep your enemies closer.
Tom, we're having a dinner party.
I'm thinking of inviting Annabelle.
We're not moving.
Susan knows something.
Edie said she--
I don't care what Edie Britt said!
I'm not leaving Julie!
You want to risk our lives, our future
over some schoolyard crush?
It's more than that.
Julie loves me.
Then why does she refuse to see you?
Mrs Mayer lies to her.
If it wasn't for that, she would be with me.
Are you sure?
You know, Julie is a- very special girl.
I know.
She could have just about any boy she wanted.
I think you're a wonderful kid.
I do, but--
you're not that special, Zach.
Not really.
She kissed me.
Lately?
Let's pack our bags and get out of here.
We can leave this whole mess behind,
start over.
And there will be other girls,
I promise.
No!
If Susan goes to the police, it's over.
They'll take me away.
They'll take you away. Don't you get that?
If Julie doesn't love me anymore,
then it doesn't matter.
None of it matters.
Magruder had absolutely no idea
what was going on.
During the entire campaign,
he was practically holding Benson's hand!
After the way they burned them, screwed them over!
That was too...
It was awful!
Excuse me, I need to get in here
so I can clear the plates.
You want some help with that?
Looks like we got company.
Hey guys, isn't it time for bed?
Oh, they never get to see you.
Let them stay up for a while.
OK, come here!
I want you to meet someone.
This is Miss Foster.
Hi.
She's an old, old friend of your daddy's.
Hey, what you got there?
It's a picture we painted.
Let me have a look at that.
It's all of us with Mommy and Daddy.
We're really happy.
It's so adorable.
When did you do this?
Today, Mom told us to.
I just told them to paint something nice.
The sentiment's all theirs.
But you told us to--
Hold on, honey, grown-ups are talking.
Well, this is really neat.
How would you boys like to
paint my portrait one day?
Sure, you're pretty.
OK, great.
Like your dad said, it's time for bed.
I'll take them back upstairs.
Come on, guys!
Thank you.
I must say, Lynette.
Your home is warm and inviting,
your children are absolutely precious--
this whole evening was practically
a commercial for the perfect family.
You think?
You couldn't have planned it any better.
And I mean that.
Good.
Hello, Susan.
Oh. Hi.
I understand you and Edie went
snooping through my house.
Huh?
It's OK. I'm not mad.
So, what do you want to know about Angela?
It was Mary Alice's birth name.
She was named after her aunt Angela.
When she was a teenager there were falling-outs.
So she changed her name into Mary Alice.
This is before we were married,
so you'll forgive me if I'm hazy on the details.
That's it?
That's the explanation?
Ridiculously simple, isn't it?
She changed her name because
she got in a fight with her aunt?
That doesn't seem like something
Mary Alice would do.
Neither did suicide,
but we both know that she did it.
So can we finally put this behind us?
Or do you need to break into my home
for anything else?
Uh--
No.
I'm good. Thanks.
Although--
if you wouldn't mind,
I'd rather like to see that videotape I found.
The one marked "Angela."
Would be nice to see Mary Alice
when she was young.
I'm afraid that box of tapes
was thrown out with the trash.
OK then.
Susan--
I'm serious when I say
I hope you'll leave my family alone now.
This endless suspicion of yours
has become very tiring.
I couldn't agree more.
Oh. That's my cell, sorry.
Oh God, it's Peterson. Excuse me.
Peterson?
Hello? Yeah.
That was quite a show you put on tonight.
Show?
The boys' paintings,
all those references to how happy we are--
What's wrong with subtly reminding Annabelle
that you're happily married?
Because it wasn't subtle.
And it's an insult to me.
I did not mean it that way.
Are you so insecure that you
have to pull that crap?
Keep your voice down!
It doesn't matter if she has feelings for me
as long as I'm not interested.
Have I ever, ever
given you any reason to doubt me?
Anyone is capable of anything.
The first time we ever met, you were cheating.
With you! Cheating with you!
It's a pattern of behavior.
Uh, give me a break!
What am I supposed to do?
You hire your old girlfriend and
you don't tell me about it for 3 months?
I could've told you from Day One
and you'd still be jumping at my throat.
Annabelle is ancient history.
She's in the next room.
How long do we have to be married, Lynette,
until you actually trust me?
I trust you.
How many times have you said to me:
"If you ever touch another woman,
"I'll take the boys and walk out of here
and you'll never see us again!"
That's just something
wives say to their husbands.
Not all wives.
You're so convinced that I'll be unfaithful!
It makes me sick!
The distrust, the paranoia,--
It seems like you won't be happy until you
drive me out of this marriage to prove yourself right!
Wait. Forget I said that.
It's too late.
You said it.
Well, then just consider it something
husbands say to their wives.
Peterson's on cloud nine.
He discovered some inside scoop on the Metro account.
The bad news is,
we'll have to redo the entire presentation.
Tonight?
He'll need it first thing in the morning.
Peterson says we might be pulling an all-nighter.
I can't drive. I've been drinking.
I'll drive. Come on.
Thanks.
Don't worry, Lynette.
I'll deliver him back to you as soon as I can.
Please do.
Honey, take over for a minute.
I'm giving a speech.
Make sure they stay pink like that, OK?
Are you OK?
Oh. I just--
realize how disgusting meat can be.
Everyone, I just want to say
it means a lot to me that you all came,
and as you know, in a few days
I'll be taking a little government-sponsored vacation.
Lucky for me, breakfast is included.
Oh God.
The bottom line is,
I'm going away to jail.
And when a man has to go to jail,
which I hope none of you will ever have to do,
he sees who his real friends are.
So thanks.
Cheers!
Excuse you.
Stay put until I need you.
Don't talk to anybody and, for God's sake,
don't get drunk!
You know I was supposed to
go to my cousin's wedding today.
It's not a wedding, it's a commitment.
So sit down and
try to fit in.
Urghh.
Got you a hot dog.
No thanks. I'm full.
They have a croquet set.
You wanna go hit some balls?
No.
That's fine. We can just sit here.
Zach!
I don't want to be your girlfriend.
I don't want to hang out with you.
I just want you to leave me alone, OK?
OK--
In that moment,
while looking at the pills
that had been so obviously tampered with,
Gabrielle's nausea was suddenly replaced
by an even stronger sensation:
rage.
What are you doing?
I'm so sorry.
That was an accident.
Answer my question:
What are you doing here?
I was invited.
By who?
You know what, Dr Van de Kamp?
I don't believe I have to answer to you.
I think you do.
What's going on here?
He crashed the party.
This guy clearly is not taking "no" for an answer.
It's OK. George has a girlfriend.
You brought her, didn't you?
He doesn't have a girlfriend.
I do, sir.
She's right over there.
That's his girlfriend?
See? You were worried for nothing.
So, any time you want to apologize--
Come on, Rex.
You owe George some sort of gesture.
What the hell.
Rex! Have you lost your mind?
To be fair, I only pushed him.
Carlos! You son of a bitch!
I am pregnant and it's all your fault!
Wow.
This is turning into one hell of a party.
Are you OK?
I think I can honestly say:
No. I'm not.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks.
But you know what they say about kids:
that you can't imagine having them
until you do,
and then you can't imagine
life without them?
It's true.
All I'm saying is,
maybe this is a blessing in disguise.
I don't know who the father is.
What?
Yeah.
So you mean you and John have still been...
Yeah.
Gabby!
I know, Susan! I don't know what to do!
Oh! Oh my God!
That- that's my house!
Call 911?
Yes, that's my house!
Oh, look, my kitchen!
Oh, it's a big fire!
Turns out someone left the gas on
with candles burning.
That's impossible.
We don't burn candles during the day.
Uh, well- I- did have
a French vanilla candle burning earlier, but--
I'm almost positive I blew it out!
You're almost positive?
Yes! I did! I- I think.
You're lucky the fire was contained.
The damage could've been far more extensive.
You've got to be more careful from now on.
Don't worry. We will be.
Bree, hi.
Hi.
You left the party so quickly,
I didn't have a chance to apologize to you
for what Rex did.
Oh George, I'm so sorry
he humiliated you in front of all these people.
I don't know what got into him.
Isn't it obvious?
He hates me.
No, he doesn't hate you.
He really doesn't even know you, and you don't know him.
I know this much:
he won't let us be friends.
Well, that's not his choice to make.
What if he asked you not to see me anymore?
What if he orders you not to?
Well--
I decide who I need in my life,
and I've decided that I need you.
That's all there is to it.
He could make it awfully difficult
for you to spend time with me.
Well--
Who says he has to know
how I spend my free time?
I'm having trouble
with a family across the street.
I think one of them
may have set a fire in my house,
and I don't know why, but
I feel like it's got something to do with
my friend who killed herself.
I called the police,
but they didn't take me seriously.
This family has got a secret.
A bad secret.
I think I'm in over my head.
I need you to find out everything about
Paul Young and his family.
Do you think you can help me?
As a matter of fact,
I know I can.
Spring comes every year to Wisteria Lane.
But not everyone remembers to
stop and smell the flowers.
Some are too busy
worrying about the future
or mistakes they've made in the past.
Others are preoccupied with not getting caught,
It's a window!
or thinking of ways
to catch someone else.
Still, there will always be a few
who remember to take a moment
and appreciate what Spring has given them,
just as there will always be those who
prefer to sit in the dark,
brooding over everything they've lost.
Previously on Desperate Housewives:
I left Morty.
Susan's mother made quite an impression.
Bree made a secret commitment.
He's not going to let us be friends.
Who says he has to know
how I spend my free time?
Gabrielle made a discovery.
I am pregnant and it's all your fault!
Tom made a mistake.
You hire your old girlfriend
and you don't tell me about it for 3 months?
And Susan made an appointment...
Do you think you can help me?
...with trouble.
I know I can.
When she was younger,
Sophie Bremer was a hopeless romantic.
She was also hopelessly na飗e,
which is how she came to be married 4 times.
The first time,
to a man who liked to gamble.
The second time,
to a man who liked to drink.
The third time,
to a man who liked other men.
And the fourth time,
to the same man she married the second time.
Yes, Sophie was tired of having her heart broken.
So, she decided she would never
get married again.
And then one night,
Sophie!
she had a visitor.
Sophie!
Morty?
What are you doing?
I--I need to talk to Sophie.
Now?
Are you drunk?
Uh- just a little.
How- how are you, Susan?
I got to speak to, uh to Sophie.
Are you crazy? It's 1 a.m., she's sleeping!
I'm going to ask her to marry me.
What?
Well, I--I thought I could be happy.
The restaurant is starting to make money,
I just bought a new jet ski,
my cholesterol is down,
but none of it's any fun
without her.
Ah, Morty.
I just don't think it's going to happen.
She's moved on.
Why don't you just sit down.
I call you a cab.
Sophie!
Your doctor told you not to drink!
Well, there are times when you need to--
when you need liquid to court.
Oh! Oh!
Did this ring belong to Delores?
You gave her your dead wife's ring?
It's--it's a 3 karat diamond,
she shouldn't care if it's- used.
So what--what do you say, Soph?
All right.
Really?
Really?
Yeah!
But you gotta do it officially, you know...
Oh, um--
Yeah here.
Sophie, would you- do me the honor of- of marrying me?
Sophie Bremer was still a hopeless romantic.
On one condition:
tomorrow, we trade this in for a ring of my own
and I want a bigger diamond
than Delores got.
But she was no longer na飗e.
 episode 1-21:
Sunday in the Park with George
Marriage is a simple concept.
Basically, it's a contract between two people
that binds them together for life
in the hopes that they can live happily ever after.
Sadly, some contracts
are made to be broken.
I did not mess with your birth control.
Really?
Really!
Look! It's been pulled apart and put back together.
It's probably a manufacturing defect.
You can still see the glue marks!
I'm telling you I didn't do it!
Don't insult me, Carlos.
You've been whining about wanting a baby for months.
Who else would it have been?
I- I don't--
Oh no.
What?
Mam?
Oh please.
It's possible!
You buy that stuff in bulk 6 months at a time, right?
Yeah, so?
Before the accident, I told her how much I wanted to have a child.
And she said she would take care of it.
I just thought that she would talk to you.
Baby, I am so sorry.
That bitch! I can't believe her!
I loved her.
But even I had issues sometimes. She could be very controlling.
Reaching out from the grave to screw with me.
God, she's good!
Where are you going?
I'm feeling a wave of the morning sickness coming on.
And I want to be standing on your mother's grave when it hits.
Hey honey, I'm going to be home late tonight.
Peterson wants a bunch of us out for drinks.
Oh, that's fine.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
What?
Oh, you know what? That's your carpool.
You gotta go. Never mind.
Lynette, what is it?
It's nothing.
OK.
It's just--
We haven't had sex in 10 days,
and the longest we've ever gone before is 9.
Are you sure? Didn't we do it last Thursday?
We started to, but then, wahh--
you fell asleep.
Is this why you're so worried?
Because we could do it tonight if you want to.
Ha ha, where?
No no, I got 10 days pent up in me. We are doing it tonight.
Nothing to worry about, OK?
Oh crap, I forgot my briefcase.
Can you tell them I'll be right there?
Yeah, sure.
Oh.
Hey Lynette. So is Tom almost ready?
Yeah, he's just getting his briefcase.
Oh, sorry.
OK.
Ah, where have you--
Bye.
I got- I got it! I got it!
Thank you for having me.
I'm going to miss you both so much!
Oh, us too. House will feel empty without you.
Can't you guys stay a little longer?
Oh, no, no. They want to get their new life together started.
We don't want to hold these crazy kids back.
Bye, Morty.
Bye.
Listen, I- hope it's OK, but--
your mom told me some of the stuff that you've been going through,
you know, with the- plumber guy across the street.
She did, huh?
Yeah. Don't give up on him.
If I'd given up, I wouldn't be here now with this lovely lady.
Did she tell you that he served time in prison for manslaughter?
No, she left- she left that part out.
I don't suppose she told you he was a drug dealer.
I don't recall that.
[You don't] know the whole [story.]
I went over there and I told him how much you love him.
What? What were you thinking?
What did he say?
Yeah, what did he say?
I think I walked in on him in a very bad time.
Someone close to him had just died.
Oh God, really?
He could use a shoulder to cry on.
Did I do wrong?
Please, I can't stand it!
Mm!
Oh George, you have got to taste this.
I can't wait.
Mmmh.
Oh, is that fennel seed? It's fantastic!
I don't know, but anything that good has got to be sinful.
Isn't this fun? Trying different dishes, opening the mind to different experiences.
Rex just hates these cooks tours.
He likes to stay at home with the same old
plate of spaghetti and a mug of root beer.
So how about this Marinara sauce?
I think it's the best I've ever had.
I've had one better, but that was in Italy.
You've been to Italy?
Mhm!
Rex and I took a vacation there.
Right before the kids were born.
It was so much fun in those first few years.
I guess it was just easier to be happy back then.
I don't know why I just said that.
No more wine for me.
Maybe we should go to Italy.
What?
Wouldn't that be oh?
Going to all those museums and cathedrals,
it's fantastic for tourists.
We could just pick figs off ourselves.
I can't go on a trip with you, George.
Why not?
I'm married. People would talk.
All right, I'm sorry. It's a bad idea.
Oh, don't worry about it.
Here, I want you to try one of these clams.
I bet they're as good as the Marinara sauce.
Mmmmh.
You are absolutely right.
It's that good, this has got to be sinful.
OK, boys. It's 7 o'clock, it's time for bed.
Sweetie, let's go.
I don't want to go to bed so early!
I told you, honey, Daddy and I
have a special meeting tonight.
Go on!
Oh, I love you!
Hi!
Hey.
Hi.
Whoa. All right, this is the tenth day.
Hey honey, give me a second
to let the office wear off.
I mean--
What are you thinking?
I was wondering what that smell is.
Oh. It's probably baby drool.
There. Now you got easier access.
I am coming right--
What?
Well, that smell really soaked through, huh?
Yes, it soaked through a little.
That is the nature of baby throw-up.
Do you want me to wear a haz mat suit
or are you going to be OK?
No, I just like it when you're
clean and in your sexy clothes.
I don't own anything clean and sexy!
Everything is covered with either
baby spit or chunks of melted crayon--
OK, I said I'm sorry!
You make me feel like I just
got off the shrimp boat, for God's sakes!
Honey, I said I'm sorry.
It's just that, you know--
Guys sometimes like it when women
put a little effort into things.
OK, um--
Can we just go back to the kissing thing?
Please? Can we try that?
Fine.
Honey--
OK. Off.
Mo-o-o-m! Mo-o-o-m!
Susan Mayer hired you.
I know.
She decided to start
poking around in your life
and called me of all people.
Lucky for you, I've got
the biggest ad in the phone book.
What am I going to do?
Run.
Pack up your kid and get out of town.
That's tricky. My son doesn't want to move.
He can be pretty insistent.
Well, I can throw off the scent for a while.
Fine.
All right then.
Tell me exactly what it is
you want this woman to believe.
She was born Angela.
But when she was a teenager,
she changed her name to Mary Alice.
On my application it says that she was
named after a relative she no longer speaks to.
Here's her birth certificate,
and her Utah petition for legal name change.
What about Dana?
There was a record of another child.
A girl.
Dana Marie Young died at 18 months,
apparently from some kind of fall.
That was all true. Everything he said.
How could I have been so wrong?
Well, I'm going to need a cheque.
Oh, of course.
Actually, before you go,
I need you to check into
someone else's background.
There's this plumber I know.
Hey!
Did you get my messages?
Yeah, I didn't want to call you back
because I wanted to talk to you in person.
I have some potentially upsetting news.
Come on, Mrs Sol韘, you can tell me.
I can handle it.
I'm pregnant and it might be yours.
I could barely afford my new dirt bike.
How am I going to handle child support?
We don't even know for sure if it's yours, so relax.
And I didn't come here to watch you freak out.
Then why did you come here?
Cause I want to make sure you let me protect you.
From who?
Carlos. Your parents.
John, something like this can ruin your life.
That's why you have to keep quiet about our affair.
There's no point in
this catastrophe taking both of us down.
Thank you.
Forget about it.
I should've worn a condom.
Yeah, that would've been helpful.
You hired a private investigator?
I can't trust Mike, and I want to
find out what really happened.
From a source that doesn't have an agenda.
Now open it up.
OK. Ready?
Go.
Stop!
What?
Um--
If you find out something that's really bad,
just try to put a positive spin on it.
OK.
I have some good news and some bad news.
Give me the bad news first.
The guy Mike killed
was a cop.
Oh my God!
OK. Give me the good news.
There is none.
What?
You told me to spin it.
I did the best I could.
Forget it.
Just let me look at it myself.
Can't believe it.
What is it?
I know her.
What's going on here?
You two just won't stop, will you?
Deirdre's dead.
It doesn't matter who killed her.
Just let it go.
It's not that easy, "Keirdre".
Why? My sister hated you.
Both of you. She said so.
That was her drugs talking.
Right. The drugs.
Deirdre humiliated this family,
and she threw our love back in our faces.
She knew it, and she couldn't have cared less.
Are you done?
No.
I want to know what you're planning.
We're just talking.
I don't believe you.
Then don't ask.
Of course I don't want a new cardiologist,
but Lee's been conducting tests for weeks.
He should've been able to figure out
what's wrong with me by now.
Honey, we socialize with them.
What am I going to say to Helen?
All I know is, I've never felt worse.
I got to do something.
Um, I- I have to talk to Edie.
Bree! We're going to be late!
Oh, it'll just take a second,
I need to, um, get--
a recipe!
Edie!
Hi!
Hi.
I saw you at Fredo's yesterday.
Yeah, I saw you too.
Ts, ts. Naughty, naughty!
I beg your pardon?
The guy. The one you were spoonfeeding.
Not bad. A little petite for my taste,
but then again,
I'm not the one sleeping with him.
This is exactly what I was afraid of.
George and I are just friends.
Hey, I'm not judging you. I get it.
I mean, Rex was sticking it into
that hooker housewife. It's payback time.
you have got the wrong idea. That man is my pharmacist.
You could have an affair with anyone, and you choose a pharmacist?
You are such a Republican!
I am not having an affair!
George and I, we just talk.
He's a very good listener,
and I share my hopes and dreams with him,
and my innermost thoughts,
and that's all there is to it.
You have to believe me.
OK, I believe you.
Thank you. I'm glad we cleared this up.
I know it must have looked strange,
and I didn't want you to think
that I was cheating on my husband.
But you sort of are.
Excuse me?
Come on, Bree.
You're telling this guy your innermost thoughts?
Your hopes, your dreams?
Sex aside, it sounds like you're
pretty intimate with a guy that's not your husband.
Oh, I mean, everybody needs someone to talk to.
What's wrong with talking to Rex?
We're not home, please leave a message.
Hello Zach!
It's Felicia Tilman.
I do so enjoy our little visits,
and I haven't seen you for a few days.
I hope everything's all right.
Zach's not feeling well.
Oh. Paul.
And I don't think it's appropriate
if he spends so much time at your house.
I made you some cocoa.
How are you feeling?
I've felt awful for two days now.
I think I should see a doctor.
It's probably just a touch of the flu.
We'll keep an eye on it.
It's this house, Zach.
I feel it too.
It isn't healthy for us to stay here.
I told you. I'm not moving.
It would be for your own good.
You can't keep running around,
doing the kinds of things you're doing.
Susan Mayer's kitchen, for example.
People are going to catch on.
Yes...
Wouldn't it be great to just
start over somewhere in the country?
You could meet some new friends.
Maybe even meet a new girl.
How about I let you sleep on that?
We'll talk about moving tomorrow.
The lack of passion in her marriage
had become an unpleasant reality for Lynette.
Then one day, it occurred to her
the best way to fight reality
was with a little fantasy.
Of course, all the fantasy in the world
won't do you any good
if no one shows up to enjoy it.
I really feel bad about
putting you out like this time.
You're not putting anybody out.
You've been flying all day.
Why stay in some hotel?
I just hope you don't mind
sleeping on the sofa.
Yeah. The sofa should be fine.
Hey honey.
Why don't you just let the maid get that?
Ha ha ha, not funny, Tom.
By the way, Gary's showering.
He asked if you could bring him a clean towel and--
and your riding crap.
Come on!
No, I'm glad that you
find my humiliation so entertaining.
Honey, you were wearing a French maid's costume!
I mean, come on, what were you thinking?
I was thinking our marriage was in trouble
and one of us ought to do something
to try and save it.
Wow, since when is our marriage in trouble?
OK, so we haven't had sex for a few days.
Big deal. It happens.
Oh. That's Annabelle. How ironic!
How is Annabelle roll into this conversation?
Because she now comes to this house
every morning to remind you what I'm not.
What?
She's the fantasy, Tom.
The hot woman you work with every day,
with her manicured nails and her designer outfits.
I--
am the reality.
The wife who never wears makeup and whose clothes
smell like a hamper.
This may have been
the stupidest thing you've ever said.
I used to be the fantasy.
There was a time
when I didn't need a maid's outfit,
because I knew I was enough for you,
even wearing a smelly T-shirt.
And clearly, that's no longer the case.
OK honey, I don't know what to say.
If there's a way for me to fix this,
I will do it.
Just tell me, and I will do it.
No, there's nothing to fix.
We've changed. That's all I'm saying.
You ready?
You should go.
You don't want to keep Annabelle waiting.
Be careful with that.
It'll get the baby heartburn.
Can't get it hot enough.
My hormones are killing my taste buds.
I'm paying more attention to your food
than you have to me lately.
I plan on getting really fat,
as a tribute to your mother.
John! What are you doing here?
I've been doing some serious thinking
about the baby.
Really? Why?
Look, there's a good chance that it's mine.
And if it is, I want to do the right thing.
No, no! Nobody expects you to do the right thing!
I kind of figured you'd try to blow me off.
That's why I'm going directly, Mrs Sol韘.
What? Are you crazy? He would kill us both.
He and I need to hash this out. Man to man.
That's what's best for the baby.
John!
Are you going to go get him or am I?
OK. You win.
Wait right here.
Uh Don't get out!
Why?
Because I was going to get in.
Yeah. You see,
pregnant women have very strong urges.
All right.
OK, I'm going to freshen up,
and I'll be right back.
OK.
You sit! Sit!
I'm turning on some music.
Um- Carlos is unavailable at the moment.
You're lying.
John, what're you doing?
Mr Sol韘!
Stop it!
Mr Sol韘, open up!
John! What are you doing?
John! John!
Please, get out of the way.
John!
Get out of the way!
Oh my God!
My God, it burns!
I'm sorry, it's just salsa!
Feels like acid.
Really? I've been finding it so bland.
Mr Sol韘! Mr Sol韘!
John!
Mr Sol韘, come out here, I need to talk to you!
Shut the hell up! Listen to me.
You are never going to be the father of this baby!
No matter what the paternity tests say,
it's Carlos's child.
How can you say that?
Because Carlos can provide, John.
He will give this baby everything.
Piano lessons, and summer camp,
and the best colleges...
He can raise this child the way a child
deserves to be raised. You can't.
This isn't about money.
This is about what's best for the baby.
If you want what's best for the baby,
I think you will help me.
Hey, help me make sure that this kid
does not grow up poor like I did.
What's taking you?
Hey John.
What are you doing here?
Uh- he--
Justin was thinking
the hydrangeas need a replacement.
He wanted me to come by for a second opinion.
Your friend is a good kid.
But he's not half the gardener you are.
You should come back and work for us.
I mean, we're practically family.
Thanks, Mr Sol韘.
Zach? Are you here?
I have to do this, dear.
I know you'll forgive me.
Hey.
Hey.
Are the boys asleep?
Tucked in tight.
Get a penny?
Sound asleep.
Good.
OK, when this thing goes off,
meet me in the bedroom.
What are you- what is this?
Wait till it goes off.
All right!
I'm coming in!
Oh my God!
You want fantasy?
I'll give you fantasy.
Come to me, woman.
Prepare to be bored to death.
Please, will we make it past this stage?
I'm scathing.
I kind of like it.
Good, get out the lights.
No.
Please.
I'm not turning off the lights.
Please.
No, no, no.
It's open.
Oh, Paul, it's you.
I'm so glad.
I have some papers I want you to look at.
Where's my son?
Upstairs, sleeping off
those tranquilizers you gave him.
I don't know what you think you're doing,
but I'm taking my son and going.
I am not my sister, Paul.
You do not want to screw with me.
Martha kept a journal.
Every drab event of her drab life,
meticulously documented.
Including her discovery
that you and your wife
stole a baby.
A baby named Dana.
I'm sorry if the copies are hard to read.
I hid the originals in a safe place.
It seemed like a reasonable precaution,
since you murdered Martha and all.
Would you like a cookie?
Suit yourself.
Now, I have a little proposition for you.
These are the fantasies of a bored,
lonely woman. They prove nothing.
The only reason the police haven't caught you yet
is because they have no reason to suspect you.
But once they find out that Martha was
blackmailing Angela --sorry, Mary Alice--
What it is you want?
The same thing you want.
For you to leave town,
change your name
and start your life over again
somewhere far away from here.
If you're so sure of yourself,
why don't you just turn me in?
Because Zach would never forgive me.
And it's important that we be on good terms,
seeing as how he's going to
be living with me now.
What?
You're bad as a parent.
You're about to become a fugitive.
Is that the kind of life you want for your son?
The two of you spending
every night in a different town?
No. You're a better father than that.
I can't just leave him.
You stole him so that he
could have a better life.
That was a noble act, Paul. Truly.
And it's time for you to be noble again.
Can I at least say goodbye?
Did you allow me to say goodbye to Martha?
Oh, hi.
I'm looking for Kendra Taylor.
I'm sorry,
you're going to have to leave.
Oh. You don't understand.
See, I can't just drive away.
Please, back in the car!
Look, um- Bob.
Let me try to explain.
In the car!
See, this is maybe my last chance to
find out if I can be with the man I love.
Ma'am--
And Bob,
I can't begin to tell you
how much that means to me!
So I'm going to walk up to that house,
and you're going to let me.
And you know why?
Because behind that badge and that big
you-could-crush-me-like-a-fly chest,
there's the heart.
A heart that believes in love.
Just get in the damn car!
It's not my fault
you don't have love in your life!
Susan?
Hi, Kendra.
And despite the evidence, despite all
that's been laid out in front of me,
I just can't help thinking
there's more to the story.
Does that sound stupid?
No, no. Of course not.
Unfortunately,
you've got the whole story right here.
Look, Mike's lawyer will probably get self-defense,
and if that's the case--
Delfino sold black tar heroin to my daughter.
He killed the cop who tried to bust him,
got convicted and did his time.
End of story.
Dad--
She deserves to hear the truth, however awful.
I'm sorry, Ms. Mayer. I really am.
I appreciate you talking to me.
What the hell was that?
If she knew the truth,
she'd go running back to him.
She might talk him out of doing this job.
I can't risk that.
Just don't have the time.
Quick. Drive around the corner.
We need to talk.
What do you think, Rex?
I'll choose greens. That'll work
whether Gabrielle has a boy or a girl.
That's great.
What's the matter?
You've been mopey all day.
I'm sorry. I'm just worried about the test results.
If they don't find out what's wrong with me soon,
I'll lose my mind.
Oh honey.
You must get tired of hearing me complain.
No.
No, not at all.
I think that we should talk about it.
In fact, I think maybe we don't talk enough.
Yeah, I guess.
Why don't we start doing things
together again as a couple?
Mhm.
I think that as soon as you're well enough,
we should go on a vacation.
Take a trip, go somewhere fun.
Remember our trip to Italy?
Yeah, sort of.
Sort of?
You don't remember the glorious food
and the gorgeous scenery and--
What I remember is sweating like a pig
and wishing we hadn't spent all our savings.
So where would you like to go?
It doesn't matter. You decide.
Michael wasn't a drug dealer.
What?
Deirdre was.
Mike- he kicked the habit earlier on.
But Deirdre couldn't --
or didn't want to, I don't know.
Anyway, she spiralled out of control
and was in and out of jail.
One day,
an undercover cop caught her using.
And he forced her
to trade sex for freedom.
Mike found out about it,
and he tried to put a stop to it.
He busted in on the two of them. He--
The cop pulled a gun on him,
and Mike fought him off.
But they both went over a balcony.
Mike was the only one that got back up.
It was self-defense.
Yeah.
Mike went to jail,
trying to save my sister.
But he couldn't.
I knew he was good.
I just knew it.
Thank you.
The vow is simple, really.
Those who take it promise
"to stay together, for better or for worse,
<I>"for richer or for poorer,
<I>"in sickness and in health,
<I>"to honor and to cherish,
<I>"forsaking all others
<I>"until death do us part."
Yes, the vow is simple.
Finding someone worthy of such a promise
is the hard part.
But if we can,
that's when we begin
to live happily ever after.
previously on "desperate housewives"...
My electronic monitoring device.
I'm on house arrest.
It's a condition of my bail.
Investigations began.
I need you to check into
someone else's background.
There's this plumber I know.
Boundaries were pushed.
Bree, you are not going to regret
taking this journey with me.
And the news...
So Peterson called me into his office today.
Went from bad...
He changed his mind.
He's going to hold that promotion for Duggan.
To worse.
I'm pregnant, and it might be yours.
Edie Britt's favorite moment of every day was her arrival
at the construction site of her new home,
because she knew what was about to happen.
Her sudden appearance was always sure to
generate a few appreciative glances,
a few appreciative glances, a few lascivious looks,
and some downright ogling.
Sadly for Edie, the one man
she wanted most to notice her...
paid her no attention at all.
Yes, Edie needed attention to
feel good about herself,
and she was determined to get it.
Ms. Britt, you look extra beautiful today.
Oh, Cyrus, you're so sweet.
So anyhow, I --
I was wondering if, uh...
maybe I could, uh...
take you out to dinner sometime.
Oh, honey...
you are so far out of your league that
you're playing a completely different sport.
Hey there.
Well, hey, Edie.
What's up?
Nice ensemble.
You busy?
Ha ha. No, not really.
Oh, good.
I bought a bunch of fresh doughnuts
for my construction workers, and as you can see,
bought a few too many,
so I thought maybe you and I could --
Susan.
Hey there, Edie.
Wh- what are you --
Mike and I got back together.
Ha ha. Super.
I knew you'd be happy for us.
So what's going on?
Uh, Edie was just about to --
Free doughnuts. Want 'em or not?
How sweet. Thanks.
Why don't you go put these on a plate?
Oh, and save me one with sprinkles.
I cannot believe you are still
coming on to him.
You said you two were finished.
You thought he was a murderer.
And that was your cue to
come over and flirt?
You wasted your time and your doughnuts.
Not if you choke on them.
Well, thanks, Edie.
The doughnuts look great.
A pleasure.
See ya.
You know, I'm going to run home and
get some milk to go with those doughnuts.
Hey, you know, it's --
it's a shame you got to keep running back and forth.
Well, I can't have doughnuts
and juice. It's unnatural.
No, I mean... we should move in together.
Come on. What do you say?
Oh. Um...
I-I say, um, oh.
Um...
hold that thought.
Edie! Edie! Stop!
Oh, hang on!
What now?
Oh, I was just rude back there,
gloating and everything, and I apologize.
Well, thank you, Susan.
That's very big of you.
And on a completely unrelated topic,
Mike and I are moving in together.
See ya.
Yes, Edie Britt needed the attention of men
to feel good about herself.
Hey, Cyrus.
You have lunch plans?
No.
And even she was amazed at how far
she was willing to go to get it.
Ellsburg hotel - half an hour.
Welcome to the majors.
Desperate Housewives
Teri Hatcher
(as Susan Mayer)
Felicity Huffman
(as Lynette Scavo)
Marcia Cross
(as Bree Van De Kamp)
Eva Longoria
(as Gabrielle Solis)
Nicolette Sheridan
(as Edie Britt)
Steven Culp
(as Rex Van De Kamp)
Ricardo Antonio Chavira
(as Carlos Solis)
Mark Moses
(as Paul Young)
Andrea Bowen
(as Julie Mayer)
Jesse Metcalfe
(as John Rowland)
Cody Kasch
(as Zack Young)
Brenda Strong
(as Mary Alice Young)
James Denton
(as Mike Delfino)
Episode 22 : Goodbye For Now
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Mullins
were finally leaving Wisteria Lane.
In the past year, their street
had played host to arson,
violence, blackmail, and murder.
Fearing they, too, would be infected by
this moral decay,
the Mullins felt it was time to say goodbye.
Strangely enough, none of their neighbors
seemed to notice they were moving out.
Hey.
I thought you might be thirsty.
Nah, I'm good.
So how's your roommate doing?
He's  hanging in there.
Yeah, well, I had to, um...
tell him some news that was --
it was a little bit upsetting for him.
No kidding.
Excuse me?
Where do you get off telling John
he's not good enough to raise a child?
That kid could be his.
It is a complicated situation.
It seems pretty simple to me.
You're an unfeeling bitch.
Why'd  you hit the lawn boy?
Oh.
Well, if you saw what he did to our begonias,
you'd slap him, too.
I can't tell from - from this.
I can't tell anything.
Hey.
Hey, Lynette. What - what are you doing here?
What's this?
You told me Duggan's coming back to work today.
I thought I'd do something special for him.
Uh-huh, and this wouldn't have anything to do
with you checking up on me and Annabel.
What?
Yesterday, you brought by pictures of the kids.
The day before that, you brought me soup.
Lynette, honey... it's got to stop.
Tom...
I don't care about you working with Annabel.
I told you that.
This is for Duggan.
He had a heart attack.
I don't care about Annabel.
Hey, Lynette.
Huh. Speak of the devil.
And I mean that.
Well, you're becoming a regular
fixture around here, aren't ya?
Oh, yeah, I wanted to do
something nice for Duggan.
I suppose filling his bloodstream
with butterfat might be considered nice.
Actually, it's fruit juice-sweetened.
Can I cut you?
A piece.
Everyone, I need to see you right now.
Okay, listen up.
I just spoke with Tim Duggan's wife,
and it looks like he's not going
to be returning to work after all.
It seems that he had a relapse last night,
which, unfortunately, puts us in a very tight spot,
but we're going to work together
as a team and do what we need to do.
So, Jerry, you're taking
the hollister account.
Suzanne, you're covering faraday springs,
and, Annabel, I want you to take the lead
on the travelers hotel chain.
You're leaving for Hawaii in three days.
I can't handle travelers by myself,
especially not if they're moving into print.
Well, choose someone to take with you.
Oh, okay.
Um...
I choose...
Tom.
Well, let's see --
I've beaten you at bridge and mah-jongg and hearts.
This is your last chance to redeem yourself.
Stop it.
You're going to make me laugh.
Okay.
Okay, I'll be good.
Miss it.
Miss it. Miss it.
Bree.
Ha ha. Come on.
I don't have to psych you out.
Okay, time's up. Take your best shot.
I'm not ready yet.
Hurry up. There are people waiting.
One more minute.
Come on. Take your best --
Don't do that.
George... do you have an erection?
I'm sorry.
What on earth...
you were blowing on my ear.
I was teasing you.
Exactly.
You have got to get rid of it.
There are children present.
How?
I don't know. Um, um...
think of something unpleasant.
Like what?
Like famine or disease or hobos.
Whatever. Just hurry.
Look, you can't be mad about it.
It's not something men can control.
I kept this friendship going because I thought
Rex's dislike of you was paranoid,
but you had feelings for me all along.
God, this is just such a betrayal.
Come on, Bree.
The only thing I am guilty of
is loving you in silence.
Well, you shouldn't be doing that.
In case you've forgotten, I'm married.
To a selfish 2-faced liar
who betrayed you with a hooker.
I told you that in confidence.
How dare you throw it back in my face?
So you're ending our friendship
after everything I've done for you?
What is that supposed to mean?
Nothing. It didn't --
it didn't mean anything.
Oh, George.
I do love you - as a friend.
I wish you could love me the same way back,
but since you can't...
goodbye.
Later that day,
Edie Britt witnessed something disturbing.
Something she was determined to put a stop to.
So is Susan coming?
She said she might be a little late.
They've already started moving
a few of Mike's things over to her house.
Already? Wow. Good for her.
Yeah, it's nice to see Susan so happy again.
Yeah,  I'm happy for Susan.
But don't you think she and Mike
are moving a little fast?
I mean, two days ago, she was thinking
he was a murderer,
and now she's moving in with him?
Mm, she found out it was in self-defense.
I think they've cleared everything up.
Yeah, good point.
Mike's a decent guy.
Yeah, that's true.
Of course, there was the gunshot wound.
That's right. Did he ever explain that?
No, and I know guns,
and that wound was not self-inflicted.
Mm. Mm.
And then what about Mrs. Huber's
bloodstained jewelry?
Yeah, that didn't walk into
Mike's garage by itself.
Maybe this is a mistake.
You know, if there's one thing I've learned --
men can't be trusted.
Hold it.
Are you saying that we should
put a stop to this?
Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt to sit her down
and share our concerns.
Yeah, we could do that.
Yeah.
Edie, do you want to be a part of it?
Well, normally I prefer not to get involved.
But... if there's any way that I could help Susan...
uh, we need to talk.
Okay.
Uh, when I was packing up your stuff
in your bedroom, I found a box of bullets.
Oh.
Look, I feel really bad about Dierdre,
and I know that you must want
to find out who killed her,
but if we're going to move in together,
we can't have this stuff hanging over us.
You've got to get rid of it - all of it.
The file, the map, the gun.
Especially the gun - and leave this to the police.
They're the professionals.
What can I say? Um...
it seems like a reasonable request.
Oh.
Ha ha.
Really? Well, that was easy.
Uh, maybe after lunch,
we could talk about your leather beanbag chair.
"I realize now that I've treated you badly."
"I'm the one who needs to get help, not you."
"So I have to go away for a while."
"In the meantime, Mrs. Tilman will look out for you."
I don't consider it a burden.
You know you're welcome here.
"I've left you some things."
"I hope you can take comfort in them."
"I got you a new mitt.
Work on your curve ball while I'm gone."
"I love you. Dad."
I-I don't understand.
Why wouldn't he come see me?
Why just run away?
Your father's been very troubled, dear.
I'm sure he did what he felt was best for you.
And he wants me to take comfort in this junk?
I hate baseball!
You'd think he would know that!
Zach.
Zach, I didn't leave you, meet me at the baseball field,
Thursday at midnight. Dad.
Susan's coming.
Okay.
Okay, guys, um, interventions are never pretty,
so stay strong, 'cause
she's probably going to cry.
Bon jour.
Oh, hi.
I-I didn't know that the cooking lesson
was going to be a group activity.
Well, the more the merrier, right?
As long as nobody makes
fun of my lousy crepes.
Ha ha ha ha.
How come I'm the only one wearing an apron?
I know it seems like we're ganging up on you,
but you were moving so fast, we thought a sort of...
intervention was necessary.
I know it's tough to hear.
None of us wanted to do this.
I appreciate what you guys are trying to do,
I really do.
Um... I'm not going to change my mind.
In my life, I have been hurt a lot.
Karl and, uh...
well, it's just taught me to be cynical
and expect the absolute worst from people.
And I don't want to live like that anymore,
and when Mike asked me to move in with him...
I was just happy.
You know, just ridiculously happy.
I mean, I still am,
and I want to go with that feeling.
I love him, and - I love him.
So I'm going to expect the best from Mike,
and I know that he is going to
deliver that in return.
Okay?
Honey...
Okay.
That was so beautiful. Okay.
This is the worst intervention
I've ever been to.
This is fun.
It's forever since we had lunch.
Well, as happy as I am to see you,
I actually have an agenda.
I ran into someone last week
who said you guys are looking to hire.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Are you thinking of coming back?
Because say the word, and I --
No, no, not me.
I was actually thinking more about Tom.
Oh.  Tom.
Yeah, he's been thinking about
making a move for a while.
He kind of feels like he's done everything
he can where he is now.
Ah.
Well, Tom's certainly solid.
He's more than solid.
Tom's ideas are spectacular,
he's passionate about his work,
his visual instincts are off the chart.
Is he as good as you?
He's apples. I'm oranges.
We excel in different areas.
Trust me - you should give Tom a look.
I don't need apples.
I need someone like you.
Cutthroat.
Ruthless.
Oh, jeez, Nat,
you make me sound like some kind of shark.
Ah. Okay.
You know, actually...
if that's the kind of exec you're looking for...
You've got a shark for me?
Yes.
A very pretty shark.
So here's what I'm thinking.
I'm going to see if Dr. Morrison
at the lipstone clinic can come in and consult.
You want to bring someone else in?
Your body isn't responding to
the medication the way it should.
And the tests we've run have
all come back negative,
so I - I just want to be on the safe side.
Would you excuse me?
I need to take this.
I don't know why, but
I have this overwhelming feeling
that you're going to be just fine. I really do.
Lee Craig has the biggest ego
of any doctor I know.
If he wants to consult with someone,
that mean she's stumped...
which means I'm screwed.
Don't say that.
Damn it, Bree,
do you understand what's going on here?
I could die.
So could I.
What?
I could walk across the street tomorrow
and be hit by a car.
What in god's name is your point?
All I'm saying is that we're both
going to die eventually,
and in the time that we have left,
whether it's two days or two decades,
I think that we should be nice to each other.
You're right.
Um, Ms. Tilman,
Paul young's been missing
the last couple of days.
Have you seen him?
Why ask me?
Well, I saw him leave a box on your doorstep,
and I've also seen Zach over here.
If I did know where Mr. Young was,
why would I tell you?
Look, um... the police think I killed your sister,
and I'm sure you do, too,
but I swear to you, I had nothing to do with it.
And you think Paul Young did.
Well... no, uh, that's not what I was saying.
You got to admit, it's a neat theory.
Care for a snack?
And so it's not such a stretch to wonder
if Paul avenged his wife's death
by killing Martha for blackmailing them.
But perhaps I'm alone in that.
You're not.
Aren't you sweet.
Tea?
Thanks.
Do these journals say anything about
why your sister was blackmailing the Youngs?
Not specifically.
But I got the definite impression
that it involved a murder, and...
now here you are saying your friend was murdered.
Any reason you haven't shown these to the police?
Are you in favor of the death penalty?
Um... yeah.
So am I.
We had it in Utah.
Not in this state, though.
A shame.
Don't you agree?
Yeah, I do.
I like you so much, Mr. Delfino.
Do you know where Paul Young is?
I'm afraid not.
But I know where he'll be on Thursday night.
That afternoon while retrieving her mail,
Gabrielle was surprised to finally learn
the truth behind her pregnancy.
Very surprised.
Hey, babe, you want to go online
and check out strollers?
What's going on?
I just want to say goodbye,
because I'm leaving you.
What?
See, our health insurance sent us a letter
because someone ordered a year's
worth of my birth control pills.
And apparently, our policy doesn't cover
drugs bought by the kilo.
I told you it was mama.
The prescription was dated, Carlos,
and Juanita was in a coma
when this claim was filed.
You did this, not your mother.
At least be man enough to own up to it.
She would have been.
Gabrielle, stop.
Unh, unh, unh, pregnant, caveman.
Remember?
Where are you going?
Away.
I'm going to jail.
I'll be gone tomorrow.
I know. That's why I only packed one bag.
What about the baby, Gabrielle, huh?
What about my baby?
Oh, your baby?
Fine - our baby.
Hey, we're a family now.
This baby needs its mother and its father.
Oh, Carlos.
Whoever said you were the father?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Damn felon!
All units, code d-1630,
suspect is a violation of house arrest.
Currently heading Weston Parker Boulevard.
Uh, this is unit 14.
We're on our way.
Looks like the fed shave a runner.
Let's go.
Is John here?
If I say no, are you going to slap me again?
He's working. Why?
I just left my husband.
Hang on.
You think just because you mow my lawn
you can bang my wife?
Stop!
Hey, hey, hey!
Get up!
Hey.
What's going on?
Oh, Tom, I have had the craziest day.
This morning, the guys from
Mitchell and Kerns call me in.
They offer me a job.
A-are you going to take it?
Well, I told Peterson about it.
He just upped their offer.
He just made me vice-president.
Of what?
Tom - the firm.
He gave me Duggan's old job.
Isn't that wild?
I got to go tell Scotty.
I'll see you later.
Oh, Tom, I was just coming to find you.
What the hell, Dan?
I mean, wh-what the hell?
Y-you promoted Annabel over me?
She got another job offer.
I couldn't afford to lose her, not now.
Well, guess what - you lose me.
'Cause I quit.
Tom, don't overreact.
No, the first time you passed me by,
I took it like a good soldier,
but since Duggan's heart attack,
I have already been doing the job.
I have been doing it, and then
you just hand it to Annabel?
Okay. You made your point.
No, you make crappy decision son a daily basis, Dan,
I got to tell you, but this one --
this is the stupidest.
Hey, watch yourself.
You have been running this company
into the ground since you got here.
Way I see it, I'm getting out easy.
All right, Scavo, you want to know
why I gave that promotion to Annabel?
Why she got the nod instead of you?
It was Lynette.
What?
She went to my wife and begged her
to get me to kill your promotion.
She said that if you start traveling more,
it's going to hurt your family.
She did that.
Now I feel like a chump for
trying to help you guys out.
I guess it was another one of my crappy decisions.
Have your desk cleaned out by tonight.
You ready to tell us what you got against this kid?
It's between him and me - and my wife.
Is that what this is about - you doing his wife?
No.
I'm gay.
You're gay?
What?!
I'm gay.
Oh, this is not happening again.
What do you mean, "again"?
I want a lawyer.
George.
Hi. What are you doing here?
I'm shopping, obviously.
Why are you shopping here?
You live on the other side of town.
My friend had an operation,
and I'm buying her some things.
Oh. Well, that's very nice of you.
Wait, Bree.
I have to tell you something.
Well?
You need to tell Rex to be more discreet
when it comes to discussing your love life.
I'm sorry?
I don't want to say anything more.
You just really need to tell him that.
Wait. Wait a minute.
What in the world are you talking about?
I was at the hospital visiting my friend
who had had this operation,
and I overheard two doctors
talking about Rex's fondness for... S&M?
You heard that?
Apparently, he told them he has A...
box of toys,
and he gets you to do...
very inappropriate things.
I see.
Bree, this is clearly none of my business,
and I would have never brought this up,
but to hear those two men laughing about you...
I just thought you should know.
Oh, thank you for telling me,
but I think, um, I got to go.
Hey, I got some more boxes.
That's your answer to everything these days.
So what do you think we should do for dinner?
Oh, I, uh, I can't.
I just got an emergency phone call --
busted water main.
Okay.
I'll keep it warm for you.
I'm, uh, afraid I'm going to be too late for dinner.
I wasn't talking about dinner.
Need some help?
Uh, no. No, I got it.
Um... I got it.
So if you have a plumbing emergency,
shouldn't you get going?
Um, they've already got somebody on it.
I'm just part of the relief crew.
Oh. Well, I'll just get back to work.
Mom, stalking?
Are we really doing this?
You just made such a huge deal to your friends
about how much you trust him now.
Well, that was before I found
Mrs. Huber's journal in his truck.
So what's in it?
It's not about what's in it.
It's about the fact that he had it at all.
I would bet you anything he is not
going on a plumbing job,
and we're going to find out.
Mom... if you don't trust him,
why are you moving in with him?
I don't have time to explain adult relationships to you.
Oh, duck down.
I think you lost him.
He's six cars up.
We have to stay this far back or he'll see us.
Okay, great, but we can't see him, either.
I got to tell you, mom, you're not great at this.
Oh, yeah? When your father was cheating on me,
I used to follow him all the time.
I know my stuff.
There he is.
What's Mike doing?
Who's that he's pulling up to?
I don't know, but I'm going to find out.
Wait here.
And lock the doors.
All right, what the hell are you up to?
Oh, my god.
Wow, um...
okay. Oh, wow.
Uh...
bye.
Was that your wife?
If that was my wife,
do you think I'd be here with you?
It wasn't Mike, was it?
No.
No, it wasn't.
They're charging you with a hate crime?
You remember when our cable guy was beaten up?
That was me.
I thought you were cheating with him.
With our gay cable guy?
I didn't know he was gay.
And I didn't know Justin was, either.
Now the cops think I'm some kind of
serial gay-basher.
Well, you sort of are.
Well, you provoked me.
You were pretending to have an affair
just to punish me.
Well... obviously.
So now I need you to lie again.
I need you to tell the cops
you were having an affair,
and that I just beat up the wrong guy.
Guys.
I am not lying for you, Carlos.
Gabby, if this charge sticks,
I get sent away for eight years.
Am I supposed to be impressed?
Because of your little stunt
with my birth control pills,
I've lost my freedom for the next 18 years.
Gabby... please don't do this.
Gabby.
Don't walk away.
Gabby!
Okay, next time, I won't bring
my daughter to stalk my boyfriend.
It was a slight error in judgment.
Honey, please don't give me the silent treatment.
I'm not.
Did you say you read this?
Yeah, part of it. Why?
Mrs. Huber was blackmailing Zach's mom.
Zach?
What are you doing up?
I couldn't sleep, so I was just...
sitting here thinking.
About what?
You really want to know?
Bree... I'm not feeling too hot
right now, so just tell me.
What's up?
I was thinking that the biggest mistake
of my entire life was agreeing to marry you.
Let me guess.
I've done something wrong.
Forcing me to share in your depraved
pastime wasn't bad enough,
you had to share my humiliation
with your coworkers?
What?
Rex, everybody is talking about our sex life.
Every sordid little detail, right down to
that box of perversions you keep in the closet.
Bree, I-I never said anything to anyone,
I swear to god.
You're a liar.
Who told you this?
Doesn't matter.
It does matter, because I never said anything.
Well, then, how do people know?
Because we both know that I wouldn't say anything.
Well, why would I tell people
about what we do in bed?
I don't know, Rex.
Maybe you were bragging.
Or maybe you just subconsciously
wanted to hurt me.
Well, congratulations. You did it.
I am officially destroyed.
I didn't say anything.
I don't believe you.
Oh.
Ohh.
Rex?
What? What is it?
I think I'm having a heart attack.
No, you're not.
Bree, you're going to have to take me to the hospital.
Um... all right.
You, uh, go downstairs, and, um...
I will be - I'll be right there.
Daddy?
What are you doing?
I'm waiting for your mother
to take me to the emergency room.
What's wrong?
I'm having a heart attack.
Oh, my god. Where is she?
That's a good question.
Daddy says he's having a heart attack.
I know. I'm going to take him to the hospital.
Well, when?
When I finish making the bed.
What?
I never leave the house with an unmade bed.
You know that.
But daddy needs to go to the hospital.
There. Now we can go.
Nothing is forever,
and the time comes when we all must say
goodbye to the world we knew.
Goodbye to everything we had taken for granted.
Goodbye to those we thought would never abandon us.
And when these changes finally do occur...
when the familiar has departed
and the unfamiliar has taken its place...
all any of us can really do
is to say hello...
and welcome.
Previously on "desperate housewives"...
There is a motive to every mystery...
Your body isn't responding to
the medication the way it should.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
Evidence of every crime...
They're charging you with a hate crime?
I thought you were cheating with him.
With our gay cable guy?
I didn't know he was gay.
And I didn't know Justin was, either.
And an answer to every question.
Gabby, the woman killed herself.
Something must have been going on.
All you have to do is take a closer look.
Had a woman in it.
A woman?
She was all chopped up.
And eventually, every secret...
Do you know where Paul Young is?
I know where he'll be on Thursday night.
Will be revealed.
Mary Alice was being blackmailed?
Oh, Mary Alice, what did you do?
My name is Mary Alice young,
and before I died,
my life was filled with love, laughter,
friendship, and, sadly... secrets.
The secrets had begun 15 years earlier,
when my name was Angela Forrest,
and I was living a life of quiet desperation.
I'd feel it every morning
as I made breakfast for my husband.
If you could stop by the market today,
that would be great.
I'm out of shaving cream.
And during the errands
I ran in the afternoons.
So Friday's double coupon day.
You'll save a bunch if you come on Fridays.
Even at my work every evening.
What a lovely calendar.
Was this taken around here?
Oh, no. That's way out in Fairview.
I have family there.
Isn't it idyllic?
Here, Angela. You can file this.
To me, each day was gray and meaningless.
And then one night,
suddenly...
Hey, Angela?
There was color.
Deirdre. What are you doing here?
I need some money.
Deirdre, here.
You're using again, aren't you?
No, I just, um...
I just got to get some food
for my baby and some other stuff.
Well, if the baby's hungry,
we can go to the market, and I'll buy food.
I-I can shop for my own baby, okay?
Quiet. I can't think.
See this watch?
It's worth a lot.
I'll give it to you for 50 bucks.
She's not giving you money.
Do you mind?
Angela, you're the only one at rehab
who treated me like a person.
Okay, please, please don't stop now.
I'm sorry.
I'll sell you my baby.
What?
I heard you talking,
and I know you can't have your own.
It's been killing you.
I think it's time that you left.
No, I-I'm thinking about Dana.
You'll give him a good home.
Okay?
He'll be better off.
Okay, shh.
Quiet, quiet.
Honey.
How much money
do you keep in the house?
She has a 10-month-old baby.
Where the hell is it?
I don't know.
If we'd seen a kid, we certainly wouldn't have
left it sitting in the middle of a crack house.
If anything happens to that
child, I will have your badge.
Just let me do my job, huh?
We'll post an officer at the junkie's bedside.
If she wakes up, we'll let her tell us
where she left her kid.
I really do hope you folks
will be happy here in Fairview.
Thank you.
And we were.
Wave bye, Zach.
Wave bye-bye.
We were as happy as any family could be.
Until one night... three years later...
When there was a knock at our door...
and I was desperate once again.
Desperate Housewives
Episode 23 : One Wonderful Day
It was 5:00 in the morning on Wisteria Lane
when the phone calls started.
Of course, each of them knew something
was wrong from that first ring.
Hello?
After all, it's one of the unwritten
rules of suburbia...
Hello?
Don't call the neighbors in the middle of the night...
Unless the news is bad.
Hello?
And so they came with their uncombed hair
and their unmade faces.
They came because...
after all these years...
Bree.
They were no longer just neighbors.
What are you doing here?
We heard Rex had a heart attack.
How is he?
Um... he's stable,
but,  um, they have to put in a pacemaker,
so they're going to need to operate.
How did you guys know?
Danielle called.
So how are you doing?
We were having a fight
when he had the heart attack,
and I'm just feeling really guilty,
because I should have gotten him here sooner --
Honey, the doctors here are great.
Yeah, and he's so young,
he's going to bounce right back.
I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
You know what?
I  am so happy that you guys came here,
I really am,
but I am trying really hard to be strong,
so if you keep comforting me...
You're going to lose it?
Mm-hmm.
Then we won't comfort.
Thank you.
We're just going to
talk about non-crisis things.
Oh, I know.
Uh... I found Mrs. Huber's journal
in some of Mike's stuff,
and I think she knew Mary Alice's secret
and was blackmailing her.
Yep, that'll do it.
Zachary!
Come back here, please.
Your father told you
he would be gone for a while.
He said you should
let me look after you.
I will be fine by myself.
I am not a child.
I know you're not a child,
but I think we should discuss this.
I'm fine, really.
Why should you fend for yourself
when you can just come home with me?
Let me shoulder the burden.
It would really be my pleasure --
Stop! What kind of freak are you?
Just leave me alone, all right?
You are not my mother!
I told you that I am fine.
Now stop acting like my mother
and go home.
I wish it were that easy,
Zachary, for your sake,
but it's not.
Your father's not coming back.
He said that he was.
He lied.
I wanted to spare you this, but...
your father and I discussed it, and...
he decided that he shouldn't come back.
Now, get your bag,
and let's go home.
I'm going to make you some pudding.
What did you do to my dad?
Aah!
Tell me!
Mrs. Applewhite?
Yes?
Hi. I'm Edie Britt.
The realtor that helped you buy this house?
Oh, of course. Hi.
Hi.
I've been so curious to meet you.
Really? Why?
It's just that I've never sold a house
over the phone before.
You were awfully brave,
buying the place sight unseen.
Not really.
We could tell from the advertisement
it was just what we were looking for.
This is my son Matthew.
It's nice to meet you, ma'am.
Please. Call me Edie.
Ma'am's for... middle-aged women.
Like her.
You can call her ma'am anytime you want.
So are you two finding everything okay?
Because we didn't do
our realtor's walk-through.
Everything is fine.
Oh, honey, escrow's closed.
Now I can show you where to put
the buckets when the rain comes.
Edie, the house is fine.
But how lovely of you to stop by.
O...kay.
Here is my card.
Call anytime you want.
Bye.
People are very friendly
in this neighborhood.
Yes.
Yes, they are.
Mike, hi, sweetie.
I hope the job's going well.
Um, so I hope you're not mad,
but I found Mrs. Huber's journal in your truck,
and, well, I couldn't exactly not read it, so I did,
and, um, I know all about the blackmail,
so call me. We'll talk.
Love you. Bye.
I haven't heard back,
and I was getting a little concerned.
The girls and I were talking,
and, well, we think that maybe
Paul Young killed Mrs. Huber,
and if he did, then maybe he killed
your old girlfriend, too,
so we should really talk about this, so call me.
I love you. Bye.
I thought the whole point of having a cell phone
was so someone could reach you
when they needed to talk.
How can we move forward as a couple
if you won't communicate with me?
Mike, I need you to call me back. I mean it.
Love you. Bye.
I'm so sorry for that last phone call.
Um, let's just say it was the worry talking.
I just really need to talk to you, and...
Can you hang on?
I got another call.
Hello?
Hey, it's me.
Oh, my god.
Where have you been?
Uh, the reception's pretty lousy up here,
but I got your messages.
Well,  I'm really sorry
for that last message.
I was just, uh...
Stressed out?
Yes. Let's call it stressed out.
Uh... so how did you get
Martha Huber's journal?
Oh, um, her sister
Mrs. Tilman gave it to me.
She was helping me with my search.
I just really think we need
to give it to the police.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
Really?
Sure. Yeah.
As soon as I get through with this job,
we'll make an appointment with that detective --
what's his name - uh, Copeland.
Great. That's great.
All right, so I'll, uh, see you in a few hours.
Okay.
Hurry, though.
I just have a feeling that Paul Young
is in the middle of all of this.
Well, let's not rush to judgment.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to testify for you, Carlos.
Can you take those off?
Yes, ma'am.
There's no way I'm dressing him.
Gabby, thank god you're doing this.
Beating up a second gay guy?
It looks bad.
Yes, well, Carlos, in some circles,
beating people up at all is frowned upon.
So why'd you change your mind?
Well, I'm about to be
the mother of your child,
which means a lot of responsibility
and little time for myself.
So if I'm going to get you out of this mess,
you have to reciprocate.
Okay.
When the baby cries
in the middle of the night,
you're going to get up
without saying one word.
Doctors' appointments --
you're driving.
I'm not putting
a car seat in my maserati.
Okay.
And you will also be on bottle duty.
That means washing,
sterilizing, and filling.
That way I'll have
some semblance of a life,
and then maybe I won't hate you so much.
All right, there we go.
So we're good?
See you in court.
Hey, gabby?
Aren't we breast-feeding?
Oh, honey, if you can swing that one,
more power to you.
Can I buy my own pizza?
Uh, you can, honey,
if you can pay for it.
Whoo!
Yeah, that is 19, 19, 19-zip.
Bring it.
Just stay here with Penny
for a second, okay?
Tom.
Yes! In your face! That is 20-zip,
game out.
Tom, what are you doing?
I'm playing air hockey.
What's it look like?
Kevin, you're up.
Well, it's the middle of the day,
and shouldn't you be at work?
Mm, no. I quit.
You did not.
Yes.
Yesterday. I told Peterson
he could stick it.
Boom! You're not bringing it, Kevin.
Bring it.
Could you talk to me for a second?
I don't understand.
What?
You asked Peterson's wife
to make sure he wouldn't promote me.
So he gives a huge promotion
to Annabel, so I quit.
What don't you understand?
Okay. Okay.
Could we go home
and talk about this, please?
No, we can't.
Serve it up, meat.
You're just going to...
stay here and play games all day?
No, I'm going to go
and get some ice cream,
and then I'm going to go up to the lake,
maybe rent a boat,
do whatever it is I feel like --
god!
Gotcha!
Tom.
Go home, Lynette.
Go home before I say something
I regret. Go home.
All right, you.
You score this next point,
you get your bike back.
What are you thinking about?
Oh, I was just, um...
thinking that I need
to start spring cleaning.
You haven't done that yet?
No, and I need to clean out our rain gutters,
and, uh, beneath the refrigerator, and...
I can't tell you how long it's been
since I've replaced the shelf liner, so...
Then you'll finish off with our wedding silver.
How did you know that?
See, all those years,
you didn't think I was paying attention.
But I was.
And do you know why I save it for last?
No.
Because it makes me think
of my aunt fern.
On the day we got married,
I told her how happy I was,
and she told me that even during bad times
to always remember
that the best was yet to come.
And so as I polish it,
I  think about you and the kids and our life
and how right she was.
They're going to operate on me.
I know.
I'm going to say some stuff just in case.
Rex, you don't have to say anything.
I'm sorry...
for everything I did.
The moving out...
the infidelity, the sex stuff...
It doesn't matter.
From here on in,
can we just say that we're even?
Okay.
Thanks.
And for the record...
you are going to come through
this operation just fine.
How can you be so sure?
Because I told you --
the best is yet to come.
So I'll see you Sunday.
Don't forget to feed bongo.
Oh, thanks. I'll go do that now.
Go on in the car, sweetie.
I have to talk to your mom real quick.
So you're going to go live in sin
with the plumber/ex-con?
It's funny you should mention sin.
I think adultery still falls in that category.
I-I don't like the idea of this guy
being around Julie 24/7.
He's a good person.
Mike's cool, dad.
He cares about us a lot,
and I like having him around.
So don't mess this up.
You heard the girl.
He's still a plumber.
Now, you be a good boy, bongo,
or you're going to go to bed hungry.
Hi, Ms. Mayer.
Can you sit down, please?
I'm just going to go get some water.
I'd rather you didn't.
Don't answer it.
I know you're in there, Susan.
I can see you.
If you don't want to talk to me, fine.
At least have the courtesy to hide.
All right, but don't let her in.
Edie, what a pleasant surprise.
Right.
Is Mike home?
No, he's on a big plumbing job.
What's up?
Can I come in?
Why?
I'm warning all the neighbors.
Felicia Tilman was attacked.
She was?
At the Young house.
They just took her away in ambulance.
I'm totally freaked out.
My guys haven't shown up
at the job site yet.
I'm over there all alone.
So do you think maybe I could just come in
and hang out for a while?
Zach is sticking a gun at me.
Stick it up my...what?
Just get the hell out of here.
God, you are such a bitch.
Why?
I asked Mrs. Tilman to tell me
the truth about my father.
She did.
What'd she say?
Mr. Delfino took my dad away to kill him.
Now I'm going to kill Mr. Delfino.
Your honor, this whole mess
is just a result of my loneliness.
My marriage is a bit strained,
and after Carlos was convicted --
No one's been convicted yet, Mrs. solis.
This is just a grand jury hearing.
Oh, no, no, I'm talking
about his other crime.
Oh. right.
Go ahead.
Any ways, he was placed under house arrest,
and he being the jealous man that he is,
got a little crazy every time I left the house.
He knows how men look at me,
and, well, I-I didn't exactly ease his mind.
I... falsely led him to believe
I was having an affair.
And - and before Carlos's house arrest,
he was always working,
and he was never with me.
I thought that maybe if he believed
I was having an affair,
he would realize he loved me.
and I know it sounds stupid, I do.
I just --
Is there a point to this?
My point is that Carlos is
an angry, jealous Neanderthal.
But he's not a gay-basher.
All right, I've heard enough.
counsel, approach.
I got to be honest,
I don't think we have a hate crime here.
Just so you know,
you beat up the wrong guy.
Didn't you think it was strange that
you were the only lawn on Wisteria Lane
that needed to be mowed
three times a week?
You are so dead.
You are so dead.
You are dead!
Aah! Carlos!
Dead!
For god's sakes, will somebody stop him?
Stop it!
We will have order!
I'll kill you!
I am going to kill you!
Order!
Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated.
We will have order.
Get up.
I'm not trying to justify anything.
I don't know how you knew Martha Huber,
but she ruined lives... for fun.
She destroyed my family.
This isn't about her.
I don't understand.
Walk.
Remember when we first tested you,
your potassium level was a bit high.
Yes, you made me stop eating bananas.
But as we've continued testing,
it's kept climbing.
We've now run an entire battery of tests,
and your kidney function is fine.
It has to be something you're ingesting.
Let me see.
These numbers can't be right.
Who prepares your meals?
Bree.
I understand you've been
having some marital problems.
Wait a minute --
Wasn't there also an incident at a salad bar?
She gave you onions
when she knew you were allergic.
That was an accident.
You're getting this potassium
from somewhere.
Get out.
Rex --
I mean it.
Get out.
Leave the chart.
I want to read it.
So did you have a fun day?
As a matter of fact, I did.
I probably had the most fun
that I have had in a long time.
You know, I didn't tell you to quit.
No. No, no, no.
No, you made damn sure
that I'd go nowhere for the next 20 years.
I don't know what to say.
I hear "please forgive me" is popular.
Yes, I am sorry.
I am so, so sorry.
I didn't want to hurt you.
But I was trying to protect our family.
If you got a promotion,
we never would have seen you.
You would have been traveling all the --
Lynette, Lynette,
Lynette, you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
That promotion would have just killed us,
so this is going to all work out.
What does that mean?
It means that I can use the break.
Oh, well, yeah.
I think it would be good
for you to take some time off.
No, not some time - full time.
I'm going to be a stay-at-home dad.
Huh?
What the heck?
You earn the living for a while.
Tom, that's... crazy.
Why? Why is it crazy?
You and I both know that
you're better at the ad game,
and you tell me all the time
how hard it is to be a mom.
Well, yes, yes, it is hard,
but I-I love it, too,
and I've been doing it for six years,
and I haven't complained... the entire time.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
But be honest... secretly...
you miss the ad game, don't you?
I mean, you miss the pressure and the deadlines
and the - the power lunches.
Or am I wrong?
Maybe - maybe you want to sort dirty socks
the rest of your life.
We should talk about this seriously
before we make any rash decisions.
I already made the decision.
You're going back to work.
Can I at least get you something to eat, Zach?
Maybe a soda. Thanks.
I got to say, I think
you're making a mistake.
Mike couldn't kill anybody.
I mean...
this could just be a misunderstanding.
This is not a misunderstanding.
Listen, I know you're upset,
but is this really what you think your mother
would want you doing?
Probably not.
Exactly.
Because she raised you right.
Look, you have been through a lot.
You've lost your mom,
you're still carrying around the guilt
over what happened to your baby sister --
I never had a baby sister.
Honey, I know about Dana.
How stupid are you?
I'm Dana.
My mother was some junkie.
They stole me and changed my name.
They have been lying to me my entire life.
Everyone lies to me!
My mother, my father,
Mrs. Tilman, even Julie.
Do you understand how much that hurts?!
Look, Zach...
I know you're upset.
Let's just - let's just sit down and talk.
Why?!
So you can lie to me also?!
No more talking.
Bree, I understand and I forgive you
Hello?
Bree, it's Dr. Craig.
I'm at the hospital,
and I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Oh?
Rex passed away about 10 minutes ago.
But his operation - it's not until tomorrow.
I know.
He just didn't make it.
I'm so sorry.
We did everything we could.
Bree.
Yes, of course you did.
Thank you very much for calling.
This is a long way to go to do
what you could have done in my backyard.
You're kind of taking your time,
walking a lot.
You sure you know what you're doing?
You ever actually had to kill
anyone for real before?
Yeah.
Oh.
Since you're so tired of walking,
let's just do this here.
I don't expect any favors
from you, obviously.
But could you at least do me the courtesy
of telling me why we're here?
You knew Dierdre.
Yeah.
And I know what you did to her.
She was just a sad girl
with a lot of problems,
and she did some terrible,
crazy, selfish stuff,
but you tell me what she ever could have done
to deserve death at the hands of somebody like you.
It's complicated.
It's, uh... complicated.
And just like that, my husband began
sharing my secrets...
You want some carrots, Zachary?
Secrets I had died to protect.
There you go.
We have to get that fence up in the backyard
before the pool's finished.
I know.
I'm serious.
You know how kids are drawn to water.
Hello, Angela.
You did a good job covering your tracks.
I had to spend a lot of my father's money
hunting you down.
Congratulations.
You found us.
You know, I never told
the police what happened.
You didn't?
They would have put Dana in foster care --
or worse, given him to my father.
So I kept our little secret.
Well... we appreciate that.
Anyway, I guess you can see
I've gotten myself cleaned up.
Yes, you look lovely.
I'm not the same person
you knew back then, Angela.
I'm in a good place now.
You can't have him.
Just because I didn't go to the police
before doesn't mean I can't do it now.
Zach is our son.
His name is Dana.
If you think I'm giving my baby
to some junkie, you're crazy.
He's not your baby.
Just calm down.
You were always so high
and mighty back at the clinic,
looking down on us poor degenerates,
pretending you wanted to help
when all you really wanted was to feel superior.
You self-righteous bitch.
You're still using, aren't you?
Go to hell.
What are you doing?
Let me see your arm.
I said I'm clean!
Take it easy.
Let's just take it easy.
Where do you think you're going?
I'm getting my son,
and I'm taking him home.
Paul, stop her.
Deirdre, please. Come on.
Sit down. Sit down.
Get your hands off me!
We raised him. We're his parents.
Come on. Come on.
Aah!
Paul!
Don't worry.
I'll give him a good home.
No!
Oh, Mary Alice...
What did you do?
Mommy?
It's okay, Zach.
Mommy needs to borrow your toy chest.
You go back to sleep, okay?
What are we going to do?
You said they were pouring the concrete
for the pool tomorrow?
You can't be serious.
They'll never find her.
We can put her in this.
She won't fit.
Then we'll have to make her fit.
What are you doing?
Checking for track marks.
Deirdre had a baby?
Let's get this over with.
It's an odd thing to look back on the world,
to watch those I left behind.
Each in her own way so brave, so determined,
and so very desperate.
Desperate to venture out,
but afraid of what she'll miss when she goes.
Desperate to get everything she wants,
even when she's not exactly sure of what that is.
Desperate for life to be perfect again,
although she realizes it never really was.
Desperate for a better future,
if she can find a way to escape her past.
I not only watch,
I cheer them on,
these amazing women.
I hope so much they'll find
what they're looking for.
But I know not all of them will.
Sadly...
that's just not the way life works.
Not everyone gets a happy ending.
